<The Elves and the Shoemaker> There was once a shoemaker, who worked very hard and was very honest: but still he could not earn enough to live upon; and at last all he had in the world was gone, except leather enough to make one pair of shoes. He cut his leather out, already to make up the next day, meaning to rise early in the morning to his work. His conscience was clear and his heart was light amidst all his troubles; so he went peaceably to bed, and left all his cares to Heaven, and soon fell fast asleep. In the morning after he had said his prayers, he sat himself down to his work; when, to his great wonder, there stood the shoes all ready made, upon the table. The good man knew not what to say or think at such an odd thing happening. He looked at the workmanship; there was not one false stitch in the whole job; all was so neat and true, that it was quite a masterpiece. The same day a customer came in, and the shoes suited him so well that he willingly paid a price higher than usual for them; and the poor shoemaker, with the money, bought leather enough to make two pairs more. In the evening he cut out the work, he went to bed planning to rise early the next morning to make them; but he was saved all the trouble, for when he got up in the morning the work was already done. Soon in came buyers, who paid him handsomely for the shoes, so that he bought leather enough for four pair more. He cut out the work again overnight and found it done in the morning, as before; and so it went on for some time: what was got ready in the evening was always done by daybreak, and the good man soon became thriving and well off again. One evening, in the winter-time, as he and his wife were sitting near the fire chatting together, he said to her, ¡®I should like to sit up and watch tonight, that we may see who it is that comes and does my work for me.¡¯ The wife liked the thought; so they left a light burning, and they hid themselves in a corner of the room, behind a curtain that was hung up there, and watched what would happen. As soon as it was midnight, there came in two little naked elves, and they sat themselves upon the shoemaker¡¯s bench, took up all the work that was cut out, and began to work with their little fingers, stitching and rapping and tapping at such a rate, that the shoemaker was amazed, and could not take his eyes off them. And on they went, till the job was quite done, and the shoes stood ready for use upon the table. This was long before daybreak; This was long before daybreak; and then they bustled away as quick as lightning. The next day the wife said to the shoemaker. ¡®These little elves have made us rich, and we ought to be thankful to them, and do them a good turn if we can. I am quite sorry to see them run about as they do; and indeed it is not very decent, for they have nothing upon their backs to keep off the cold. I¡¯ll tell you what, I will make each of them a shirt, and a coat and a waistcoat, and a pair of pants; and you make each of them a little pair of shoes.¡¯ The thought pleased the good cobbler very much; and one evening, when all the things were ready, they laid them out on the table, instead of the work they used to cut out, and went them and hid themselves, to watch what the little elves would do. About midnight in they came, dancing and skipping, hopping round the room, and then went to sit down to their work as usual; but when they saw the clothes lying there for them, they laughed and chuckled, and seemed very delighted. Then they dressed themselves up in the twinkling of an eye, and danced and capered and sprang about, as merry as could be; till at last they danced out the door, and away over the green. The good couple saw them no more; but everything went well with them from that time forward, as long as they lived. The End.