<Fly Eagle Fly> Greetings, my name is Mama Nomusa and I am a storyteller. We all know what Mama means. Nomusa is from the Zulu language which is spoken in Southern Africa and it means "the mother of kindness." Now before we get started I'd like for us to do a little game just to kind of warm us up a little bit. Okay? Because I do what we call "interactive storytelling." That means you can't just sit there and watch me. You've got to do something too. So, let's go to West Africa. Africa is the birthplace of mankind. All of us have some connection with the great continent of Africa, either directly or indirectly. That's where all the anthropologists go when they want to find out about the origins of mankind. So, in West Africa I say, "ago" which means "I need your attention," and you say, "amay." You got that? I say "ago" you say "amay," okay? -Ago -Amay -Ago -Amay Very good! Now, together we're going to clap two times. And when we clap we're going to say, "clap clap." Get ready, get ready, everybody get ready. -Clap clap Wonderful! And then with a little bit of attitude, there's attitude all over the world, we're going to do "shoulder shoulder." Let me see some attitude. Let's go! -Shoulder shoulder Wonderful! The next one is -Cabbage -Patch Can you try that one? -Cabbage -Patch Oh, that's very good. And the last one is -Woooooo Great! Now we're going to put it all together. -Ago -Amay -Ago -Amay -Clap clap -Shoulder shoulder -Cabbage -Patch -Woooooo -Ago -Amay -Ago -Amay -Clap clap -Shoulder shoulder -Cabbage -Patch -Woooooo -Ago, go, go -Amay, may, may -Ago, go, go -Amay, may, may -Clap clap -Shoulder shoulder -Cabbage -Patch -Woooooo (Silently) -Ago -Amay -Ago -Amay -Clap clap -Shoulder shoulder -Cabbage -Patch -Woooooo Wonderful! Give yourselves a big hand. That was great! Good. Now, I did say I was a storyteller, right? So, I think it's about time for me to tell you a story. -Ago -Amay Every time I say "ago" -Amay Now you have to say "amay." -Ago -Amay Once there was an eagle. A mother eagle. And if you know anything at all about eagles you know that eagles are very tall, proud birds. So I want you to sit in your chairs very tall and proud. Yes, just like an eagle bird. Good. And if you know anything at all about eagles you know that eagles have a very wide wingspan. Now, without hitting your neighbor, let's see your wide wingspan. And if you know anything about eagles you know that they can soar into the heavens, past where the clouds are. -Ago -Amay Yes, yes, they can do that. While once there was this mother eagle and she too was very tall and proud, and she too had a very wide wingspan, and she too could soar into the heavens past where the clouds are. And it came time for this mother eagle to lay her egg. -Ago -Amay You haven't forgotten, that's very good. And so, in order to do that she found the very tallest tree that she could and that is where she made a very, very sturdy, very strong nest. And that is where she laid her egg. -Ago -Amay And then she sat, because that's what she had to do to get it to hatch. And then she sat. And she kept on sitting. But the egg didn't hatch; it was a slow hatching egg. Ahhhh. And Mama Eagle, she didn't know it was going to take so long, and she started to get hungry. Yeah, not hungry- HUNGRY, HUNGRY! She started to get hungry, yes. She said, "What am I going to do, I'm so hungry! But I gotta stay here I have to sit on my egg, it hasn't hatched, and what am I..." Then she remembered that she had found the very tallest tree in the forest that she could find. And surely, no one could climb up that high. And she had made a very good nest so she was very confident that if she left that egg for just a little while, it would be fine. So she confidently covered it up with some leaves and off she flew. Well, don't you know, down on the ground there had been a chicken farmer and he had been watching that mother eagle from afar. And that chicken farmer said, " Mmmhmm, that mama eagle, she's gonna get hungry. And when she do, I'm gonna climb up in that tree and I'm gonna get that egg." That chicken farmer, he always wanted an eagle. All he had was chickens but he wanted himself a baby eagle. He just wanted to see how they would grow. So, as soon as he saw the mother eagle fly off, up to the top of that tree that chicken farmer climbed. And he took that egg out, took it back and put it with the mother hen. Yes he did. Mmmhmm. Well, the mother hen, well, mother hen, she wasn't so tall and proud. The truth was she didn't really have no wingspan because she couldn't fly. But she was a good mother. -Ago -Amay A very very very good mother and she know how to sit on some eggs because she had a whole bunch of eggs at one time. She didn't lay just one egg, no, no, no; she laid a lot of eggs. So, she saw this egg and she thought it was a chicken egg. It was a little bit bigger than the other ones but she didn't pay it no mind. She just thought it was a big kid and she pushed it on underneath with all her other eggs. And she sat. And she sat. And she kept on sitting and eventually all the eggs hatched. The big chicken eggs hatched and the baby eagle, he hatched too. And as soon as he came out he looked over there at the baby chickens and he said, "Ohhh, my brothers and sisters!" And he looked over at the mama hen and he said, " Mama!" And then he watched what everybody was doing because that's how we learn. We watch what everybody around us is doing. And everybody was peck, peck, pecking around on the ground for grain. The wonderful grain that the farmer gave them. Millet and rice and corn and they were all eating, and so the baby eagle he ate too. He was having a wonderful time until one day while he was pecking around on the ground for grain, out of the corner of his eye. Swoosh! There came this bird. This very tall, proud bird. This bird had such a wide wingspan. But the best thing about this bird was that it could soar into the heavens past where the clouds are. As soon as that baby eagle saw that bird he said, "Oooh, I want to do that!" And then he remembered that he was a chicken, and chickens don't fly. So he went back to pecking around on the ground for grain. But it took about a week, but after about a week, the very same bird he had seen out of the corner of his eye¡¦ Swoosh! And landed right next to the baby eagle. It would be like if some movie star or somebody that you really admired showed up at your doorstep. And the poor baby eagle he didn't know- he was tongue-tied, he couldn't talk. "I've been admiring you from afar. And you're so tall and you're so proud and you have such a wide wingspan. But the best thing about you is that you can soar into the heavens where the clouds are. Ohh, I want to do that." And the eagle said, "Well, you can." He said, "No I can't. I'm a chicken, and chickens don't fly." And the eagle looked at him and said, "You are an eagle and you can fly." And to prove it to himself, to the baby eagle, he pulled out a mirror and for the very first time in his life the baby eagle saw himself in the mirror. They didn't have any mirrors in the chicken coop. He didn't know what he looked like. He thought he looked like all the other chickens. And then he was really tongue-tied and he couldn't talk. He couldn't get his words together. He couldn't have gotten his words together. It would not have made a difference because no sooner had the eagle pulled out the mirror he put it back and off he flew. And there was the poor baby eagle, all by himself, tying to figure out the complexities of life. How could this be his mother, and she was a chicken and he was an eagle, and he couldn¡¯t figure it out and he got a headache trying to figure it out. And you know what we all do when we get a headache? We go to bed. That¡¯s what he did. -Ago -Amay And the next day he got up and he said, ¡°Ohhh that was some kind of dream. But that wasn¡¯t a dream. I am an eagle. I don¡¯t know how this happened, but I am an eagle. If I am an eagle then I can fly! Yes.¡± And so to prove it to himself he went and he found an itty bitty stoop. It wasn¡¯t too big, just itty bitty. And he stood and then with all the courage he had and he said, ¡°I¡¯m an eagle, and I can fly.¡± And he got on top of the stoop and he closed his eyes and jumped¡¦and he fell. And so he got back up and he dusted himself off and he got back on and closed his eyes again and he jumped again and he fell again. And he kept doing this over and over and finally he realized that it wouldn¡¯t hurt if he kept his eyes open. And it had something to do with the wings. So this time when he got on top of the stoop he kept his eyes wide open and he, he had never really used his wings before because he thought he was a chicken. Anyways, he was a little awkward, so this time he got a little wind beneath his wings. So this time, when he jumped, he kind of soared or flew about that far before he fell. He said, ¡°That¡¯s enough for one day.¡± He went to bed. He got up the next day. He found a bigger stoop and he stood there at the stoop and with all the courage he had in him he said, ¡°I¡¯m an eagle and I can fly.¡± And he got on top and he closed his eyes and he jumped then he fell. Then he got back up you know the story- he closed his eyes and he jumped. He kept doing that until finally he said, ¡°It wouldn¡¯t hurt if I keep my eyes open and it has something to do with the wings.¡± So this time, when he got on top of the little bit bigger stoop he kept his eyes open and he was a little better than the day before, but he still was kind of awkward. And so he jumped. And this time, before he fell he flew about this far- he said, ¡°That¡¯s enough for one day.¡± And he went to bed and he got up the next day and he found a great big stoop. A great big stoop. And with all the courage he had in him he said, ¡°I am an eagle,¡± (you can say this with me) ¡°and I can fly.¡± And he got on top of that stoop and he closed his eyes and he jumped¡¦and he fell. And he got back up and dusted himself off- you know the story. On and on until he figured it had something to do with what? It wouldn¡¯t hurt if he did what? Kept his eyes open. And it had something to do with his what? His wings. So this time he got on top of that great big stoop and he kept his eyes wide open. He had his wings going and he jumped and he said, ¡°Okay, it¡¯s time to fall.¡± ¡°Ohhh! Ohhh! Look at me! Look at me! I¡¯m not falling! I¡¯m flying! Shoot, if I can fly I can soar¡¦¡± And he pointed himself up towards the heavens past where the clouds are, because that¡¯s where he wanted to go all the time. And that little eagle went back and found the very same tall tree where his mother had first laid him. -Ago -Amay And they had a family reunion. And he never went back to the chicken coop ever again.