<DEVIL'S BRIDGE> I'm here today to tell you the story of the Devil's Bridge. Now this story actually comes from a long time ago, but there are stories of the Devil's Bridge in many countries of the world: in the Himalayan Mountains, in Turkey, in Germany, and in the United States, but this story really was a French story. I'm going to tell you about the one from the United States today, because that is near my home. I live in what we call the Upper Midwest. I live near a great lake of fresh water and just across our state from me is the mightiest river in the United States, the Mississippi River. This story takes place at a French settlement that was once rumored to be there, along the Mississippi, right on the bluffs overlooking the mighty Mississippi River. Now this village was cut off from both the river and the rest of the bluff by a deep gorge, a chasm that was only bridged by a stone bridge that was built so long ago, no one remembered who had built it. The stones were perfectly cut out of quartz and granite, and they were placed together in an arch and this was the only way that the villagers in the town could get to the landing where their supplies came in and could get their products shipped away, so it was a very important bridge. One night, a great storm came up as they sometimes do along the Mississippi Valley, and there was loads of rain coming down, buckets from the sky, and there were loud thunder clashes, and the people were all frightened. It was dark, and lightning was all around, and all of sudden, they heard this huge crash of falling rock. Slowly, as the rain subsided, they walked outside. "Oh, no! The bridge is gone!" The mighty bridge, the strong stone bridge built so long ago, had fallen into the gorge. "What are we going to do? Without our bridge, we're helpless! Let's ask Peter." This is Peter. He is a stonemason, a master stonemason. They asked Peter, "Can you help us?" And Peter replied, "If I had a hundred stonemasons, it would take me a hundred days to rebuild the bridge. But there is just myself, and it would take a hundred years." The people threw up their hands and they didn't know what to do. They rumbled and roared and asked questions, and suddenly, in their midst, there appeared this tall, very well-dressed man, with a black felt hat and a silk scarf and a cane that had a golden and silver end, and this stranger had also a crooked smile. He said, "What is the problem here?" and so the people explained to him, "Without our bridge, we are helpless. We can't live and survive in our village." And the stranger smiled a crooked smile and said, "Well, perhaps I can help. I may know a way that we can build a new bridge for you." They said, "Oh, please tell us how, and please help us out, and if you do, we'll give you three cows, and you will have all the milk you could want." The stranger raised an eyebrow and said, "I don't need your milk," and he walked over to the big rain barrel and he hit it with his cane, and all at once it was filled with milk. The people were a little amazed at that and a little worried. This is very strange, this kind of magic. And then the Mayor said, "Well, I didn't mean cows; I mean we'll give you three sacks of gold." And the stranger raised his other eyebrow, and he said, "I don't need your gold. I have all the gold and riches I could possibly ever want." And then the people said, and one woman spoke up and said, "We will build you a fine home, and we will work part of the year for you, so that you don't have to lift a finger, and it won't cost you a penny ever." He said, "I don't want your home, and I wouldn't accept part-time work anyway.¡± He smiled grimly, and then he said, as a little girl spoke up, he responded to her and he said to her question 'Who are you?' "Who do you think that I am?" and the little girl said, "I think you're the Devil." And he smiled, took off his hat, and bowed. He put his hat back on and he said, "I will build a new bridge for you instantly, but I am known as a collector." And the Mayor asked, "A collector of what?" "Why, souls, of course." And then he said, "All I ask, if I build your bridge for you, is that I take the soul of the first person who crosses it." Oh, this didn't seem like a right thing to do. It seemed really like they were doomed, because who would accept such a thing, and the Mayor spoke up and said, "I will do it if it saves the village." So the Devil turned around and he mumbled a few words, and all of a sudden there was a clap of thunder, and there was a bright flash of lightning, and through the smoke they saw in front of them a new beautiful bridge. They all were gazing in awe at this wonderful new bridge, and they hadn't noticed that old Peter the stone cutter, our master stonemason, had slowly and careful climbed down the gorge, finally reaching the bottom and going up to the other side, and he yelled from a great distance, "You, the Devil, you've cheated us. This bridge is not safe." And the Devil was very angry and he said, "Of course, it's safe. It's a perfect bridge. It will serve you forever." And the stonemason said, ¡°No, I'm a stonemason. I'm a master stonemason. I can see a faulty bridge, a defective bridge when I see it. I know it, and this bridge will not carry even a single person across it." The Devil was furious. "How dare you say that?" "Well, look, the stones are loose," said the stonemason. And the Devil, in his fury, raced across the bridge and grabbed a hold of Peter the stonemason, and he said, "Why, you fool, now you've done it!" And the stonemason replied, "Oh, I think the Devil is a fool. The first person who crossed that bridge was you, and you can take your soul, if you have one. Otherwise, it makes no difference." And the Devil, in his fury, leaped up, twirled around, and disappeared down through the gorge, where there was a fire and smoke opened up in the rock, and he disappeared. Now the people offered Peter a house and gold and the cows, and he turned them down, and then they said, "Well what do you want?" and he said, "I want laughter every day, just laughter." And now, when you walk across the bridge, doing what they used to do years ago, you can take a stone and say, "One, Two, Three, Four, Five, Crash. One, Two, Three, Four, Five, Splash." And in the distance, you may hear the laughter of the Devil.