<DRAKESTAIL> This is the story of Drakestail. Drakestail was a clever duck. He earned lots of money and eventually had one hundred gold coins, but the king in the kingdom needed to borrow money and came to Drakestail. Drakestail was glad to loan him the money, but after one year, he still hadn¡¯t been paid back, and then, after two years, he hadn¡¯t been paid back. Drakestail decided he needed to take a trip to the palace to visit the King. On the road he met a friend, Mr. Fox, and the fox said, ¡°Drakestail, where are you going on this beautiful day?¡± Drakestail said, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I¡¯m going to get my money back. I¡¯m going to palace to see the King.¡± Fox said, ¡°I¡¯ve always wanted to see the palace. May I go with you?¡± Drakestail thought, you can never have too many friends, so he said, ¡°Yes, you may come with me, but your feet will tire out much more quickly than mine. Make yourself very small. Slip down my bill and into my gizzard. I will carry you.¡± The fox said, ¡°Clever Drakestail. I¡¯ll do just that.¡± And he did. Drakestail moved along on his journey to the King, saying, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I¡¯m going to get my money back,¡± and he came to his friend the ladder. The ladder said to him, ¡°Where you off to on this fine day, Drakestail?¡± And Drakestail said, ¡°I¡¯m going to the king to get my money back.¡± The ladder said, ¡°Oh, the palace. I have always wanted to see the beautiful palace. May I come with you?¡± And Drakestail said, ¡°You know, you can never have too many friends. Yes, you may come with me, Ladder, but your two wooden feet will never make the journey. Why don¡¯t you make yourself very small and slip down my bill and into my gizzard with my friend the fox. I will carry you.¡± ¡°Clever Drakestail,¡± said the ladder, and the ladder did just that. Drakestail continued on his journey, saying, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I¡¯m going to get my money back.¡± Soon he came to a rippling river, and Drakestail was going to cross, but the river said, ¡°Where are you off to on this beautiful day, Drakestail?¡± And Drakestail said, ¡°I¡¯m going to the king to get my money back.¡± The river said, ¡°Oh, I¡¯m here between my banks, but I would love to see the palace. Could I please go with you?¡± Drakestail though to himself, you can never have too many friends, so he said, ¡°Yes, you may come with me, River, but you won¡¯t be able to make it without any feet, and I have two strong feet. So make yourself very small, slip down my bill and into my gizzard, I will carry you with my friend the fox and my friend the ladder.¡± And the river did just that. Drakestail was getting near the palace now and he came to another friend, the wasps¡¯ nest, and the wasps¡¯ nest said to Drakestail, ¡°Where are you off to on this fine day?¡± Drakestail said, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I¡¯m going to get my money back. I¡¯m going to that palace, and I¡¯m going to get my one hundred gold coins back from the King.¡± The wasps¡¯ nest said, ¡°You¡¯re going to see the palace? I would love to go.¡± And Drakestail said, ¡°You can never have too many friends. Why don¡¯t you come with me? Make yourself very small and slip down my bill and into my gizzard, and I will carry you.¡± And the wasps¡¯ nest did just that. Then Drakestail arrived at the palace, and he knocked on the door. The King¡¯s servant came to the door, and when he opened it, he looked down and saw a little duck. And the duck said, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I¡¯m here to get my money back.¡± Well, the King was eating in his dining room, and he heard Drakestail. He did not want to give him his money back, so the King said, ¡°Take that Drakestail and throw him down into the chicken yard, and the chickens and the turkeys and the geese will be mean to him, peck him, and that will be the end of Drakestail.¡± So they did just that. They threw Drakestail into the barnyard, and just as all the mean geese and chickens and roosters were about to attack, his friend the fox leaped from his bill and chased away all of those mean barnyard fowl and chased them right under the barn, so that Drakestail was free. You can never have too many friends. Drakestail went back into the palace and said at the top of his lungs, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I want my money back.¡± The King couldn¡¯t believe his ears. He was so angry, and he said, ¡°That¡¯s it with Drakestail. Let¡¯s throw him down the well, the deep, deep well, and that will be the end of him.¡± They threw Drakestail down the deep well. Now Drakestail is a duck, so he could swim around in the water just fine, but he looked up the steep sides of the well and thought, how will I ever get out? His friend the ladder sprung out of his gizzard and leaned against the side of the well walls. Drakestail was able to climb the ladder up, back to the palace, and when he got to the top, he said, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I¡¯m here to get my money back.¡± The king was so angry when he heard Drakestail again, that he said, ¡°This will be the end of Drakestail. Build a large fire in the furnace, throw that duck in. That will be the end of him,¡± so they did just that. They had a large, hot fire. They opened the door and picked up the little duck and were about to throw him in, when his friend the river came rushing out of Drakestail¡¯s bill and put out the fire. Psssss. It was gone and flooded the whole room, so that Drakestail could swim about on the crest of the waves, Drakestail thinking to himself, you can never have too many friends. So as he swam along and swam back to the dining room where the King was sitting, eating his meal, Drakestail said, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I¡¯m here to get my money back.¡± Drakestail burst into the dining room, and the King grabbed a knife and said, ¡°This will be the end of Drakestail,¡± but just then, Drakestail¡¯s last, best friend, the wasps¡¯ nest, came leaping out of his bill and all of those wasps stung the King and stung the court and all of the servants, and they all went running out the palace door, over the hill and were never seen again. The people of the kingdom came to see why the King had left, and they found Drakestail in the palace, and Drakestail had his one hundred gold coins, and he said, ¡°Quack, quack, quack. I came to get my money back.¡± Well, the people of the kingdom were so thrilled to have Drakestail get rid of the greedy, evil king, that they decided that Drakestail should be their king. And it was so. They made Drakestail the king and he ruled them fairly for the rest of his days. The end.