<Wee Man> Once there was a wee little man who was walking through the woods, going to his family¡¯s house to have a holiday celebration. He decided to go through the woods because it was shorter. But it was one of those days, you know, when it started to turn cold and then it started to rain. Can you make rain like this? And then it got a little harder two fingers on two fingers. And then it got harder, and harder, until the rain was pouring and the wind came up. And then the rain was turning to ice and it was splatting at him and he could hardly see, and then the ice turned to snow, and he had to go someplace. He had to go any place! Wait, there was a house just through the woods, up on the hill, and he, and he ran up to the house and he knocked on the door and a lady came. And he said, ¡°Please, please, I¡¯m all wet and I¡¯m cold and it¡¯s snowing, it¡¯s a terrible storm. Can I come in?¡± And she said, ¡°Certainly not. This is not a hotel.¡± ¡°Please.¡± ¡°I said no. No means no.¡± She slammed the door. Oh, the wee little man was so cold, he was so wet. He started down the hill and then he noticed a little cottage down at the bottom and he decided to try there. And he knocked on the door and a woman came to the door. ¡°Oh my goodness, a wee little man out here in this cold. Come in, come in right now. Here, sit down. I¡¯ll get you one of my husband¡¯s robes. He¡¯s been gone a long time but I still have his bathrobe. Here. Go in there and put it on and give me those wet clothes and I¡¯ll put them in the dryer. They¡¯ll be dry in a minute.¡± And so the little man went in the bedroom and put on the robe and handed the lady his wet clothes. And she said, ¡°Now, you sit right there. I¡¯m going to get you a nice cup of soup.¡± She put his clothes in the dryer and she brought some soup in for him and for her. And she said, ¡°This is so nice. My husband¡¯s been gone a long time and my son grew up and got married and moved to town, and it¡¯s pleasant for me to have company.¡± So they sipped the soup and they had a nice conversation and she got his clothes out of the dryer. And she said, ¡°Now don¡¯t even think of leaving. I have an extra bedroom. You can get a start in the morning when the storm¡¯s over.¡± And the wee little man was so happy to be inside and warm on that cold cold day, that he did stay the night. But in the morning he wanted to thank her but he didn¡¯t have any money. So he reached into his backpack and handed her a pinecone. ¡°Here,¡± he said, ¡°may this help with your first task of the day.¡± And she said, ¡°Thank you.¡± She didn¡¯t say, ¡°We¡¯ve got pinecones all over. All over the back, all over the front and the woods is right there.¡± She just said thank you. And she handed him a lunch that she had prepared and a thermos full of tea and bade him good-bye. And as soon as he was gone she started with her day. She went out to the hen house. She hoped there would be an egg, but since the days had gotten darker and shorter, often there wasn¡¯t an egg. But as she reached under her first hen there was an egg. She put it in her little basket and then another egg, she couldn¡¯t believe it! Another egg, oh my goodness, she kept filling her basket with eggs. She had 144 eggs. Enough for her, enough to take into to town and give to her son, and enough to sell. And the very next day the same thing happened. She had eggs. She had eggs to sell, and she sold the eggs for enough money to put a new roof on her head- on her house. She was so happy, she told everyone about her good fortune. And times went on and were very good for the little woman. But, a few years later, it happened that the same wee little man was finding his way through the woods again when it happened just like that time. ¡°Oh no, oh no, I gotta get out of here. I can¡¯t¡¦I¡¯m freezing, Maybe that woman will help me out again.¡± And he went down and he knocked on her door, but guess what, she wasn¡¯t home. She had gone into town to sell eggs; she had stopped at her son¡¯s house. Her son said, ¡°Mother, you can¡¯t go back in this weather. You¡¯re going to stay here with us.¡± And so, the wee little man, cold with the biting ice and snow stinging his ears and nose, walked up to the big house thinking, ¡°I hope she¡¯s changed her mind.¡± And he knocked on the door and she opened it. ¡°Yes? Oh, the little man! Get in here! Hoo hoo! Alright, sit right here. Here¡¯s some clothes, put them on, and, and, and, here¡¯s some soup. Yeah, yeah, drink it up. Okay, you stay right there. There¡¯s your bed.¡± The next day he wanted to thank her because he was fed and he was warm and he was dry, but he didn¡¯t have any money. So he reached in his backpack and handed her a pinecone. ¡°Thank you for your hospitality. I hope this will help you with your first task of the day.¡± ¡°Alright, alright, alright. Go on now. Good-bye. Ha ha! We¡¯ve got the pinecone.¡± She set it down. She went about her first task. ¡°No wait, wait, I¡¯m, I¡¯m going to count my money, that¡¯s what I¡¯m going to do. I¡¯m going to count my money.¡± She dumped her purse on the table and she was just about to count her money when she picked up a tissue. A-choo! She sneezed 144 times and that¡¯s gross. And it all goes to show you that a good deed is nothing to sneeze about. And that¡¯s the story of that.