<The Hunter> Once there was a hunter and this hunter had an attitude problem. His attitude was his way or the highway. His way or no way. He wanted his way all the time. 24/7. So when he went to the forest to hunt, he wanted to quickly go into the forest where he had gone to hunt, take it home, cook it, and eat it. Case closed. He didn¡¯t like a lot of drama. No, no. Well this day he went to the forest as usual. And at the top of a very, very tall tree, he saw a beautiful, golden bird. The most beautiful, golden bird you can ever imagine. And we all know the sounds that birds make. They make the same sounds all over the world. Tweet Tweet Tweet. Well this bird didn¡¯t go to bird school so it didn¡¯t know the sound it was suppose to make. So this bird made up its own sound. This bird went ¡®Na, Na, Na, Na, Na¡¯ Well I told you the hunter is not a humorous guy; he was very annoyed at this sound. And so he looked up at that bird and said, ¡®Bird, what is your problem? Don¡¯t you know the sounds that birds are suppose to make? What is all this na, na, na, business? ¡® And that bird, he looked down on that hunter. And he said, ¡®Na, Na, Na, Na, bllll¡¯ Well that hunter was very angry so he pulled out his bow and arrow and he shot that poor bird straight through his heart. Poor bird. He tumbled down out of the tree but before the bird could reach the bottom, the hunter pulled out a bag and the hunter fell into the bag. The hunter closed up that bag, threw it over his left shoulder and he said, ¡®I don¡¯t know what kind of bird that was, but I¡¯ve got it now. ¡® And off he went, on the road to his house. Well you know what he was going to do with the poor bird when he got home. He was about halfway on the road to his house when from the bag on his left shoulder, don¡¯t you know, he heard, ¡®Hmmm, Hmmm, Hmmm, Hmmm¡¯ This made him even angrier. And so as soon as he got home, he opened up that bag, he took the bird out of the bag, he put him on the counter and he plucked every single feather out of the bird. Yes, he did. And then he turned around to get himself a meat cleaver. No sooner had he turned his back on that featherless bird he heard, ¡®Brrrr Brrr Brrr Brrr¡¯ Well he swung around very quickly with that meat cleaver; he chopped that bird into a hundred gold, a hundred pieces. A hundred pieces. Yes, he took all one hundred pieces of that bird and he scraped it off into a pot. He poured water on top of that bird and put it on the stove. Huh, then he put a top on it. But just in case because it had been such an unusual situation. He stood there and he listened. Don¡¯t you know, from the stove on, on the pot on the stove he heard, ¡®grrr goo goo grrr goo goo¡¯ He was angry, he was upset. He was frankly a little confused by all of this, but anyway he took the top off the pot and he drained all the water out of that pot. He took all the one hundred pieces of that bird, put it into a box, he found a top for the box, nailed it shut¡¯ And then he went outside. And he dug a very deep hole. And into the very deep hole he put the box. And then he covered it all up with dirt. But just in case because it had been so unusual, he stood there at the hole and he listened. Don¡¯t you know, from the hole in the ground, he heard, ¡®hmmm, hmmm, hmmm, hmmm¡¯ Angry, upset, mad, confused. The steam is coming out of his ears. He digs the box up. He goes and he finds a great big rock and he puts that on top of the box. He gets some very strong, strong string. And he tied the rock to the box. Then he went outside and he dropped all of this into the lake. And it all sunk to the bottom. But just in case, he stood there in front of the lake and he listened. And he didn¡¯t hear anything. Nothing. Zilch. Nada. The sound of silence. That¡¯s what he¡¯d been waiting for all that time. He couldn¡¯t wait to get away from that lake and hurry up and forget about that silly, old bird. Hmm, well, I¡¯m here to tell you, it took about a year, but after a year, the rope sort of loosened up off of the rock. You know what I¡¯m saying. And since the rock didn¡¯t have anything to hold it to the box, it sort of fell off the box and since the box didn¡¯t have anything to hold it to the bottom of the lake. It rose to the top of the lake. And then it sort of floated to the shores of the lake and then on the shores of the lake which is no, hmm, these curious children were on the shores of the lake playing. And so when they saw the box they said, ¡°What¡¯s that?¡± ¡°Well it looks like a box to me.¡± ¡°Well I wonder what¡¯s in the box.¡± ¡°Well I don¡¯t know what¡¯s in the box.¡± ¡°Whose box is it?¡± ¡°Well I don¡¯t know, is it your box.¡± ¡°No, it¡¯s not my box.¡±¡°Well if it¡¯s not your box and it¡¯s not my box then it¡¯s nobody¡¯s box.¡± So the curious children went over to the box and they pried the box open. And you know it had been nailed shut a long time ago. And out of the box came a hundred golden birds. And they were all singing. ¡°Naa, Naa, Naa, Naa¡¯ Well the kids, they didn¡¯t know what was up with that. But the birds, they knew what was up with that. So all one hundred of these birds, in formation, flew back to the very same tall tree that you remember the first tall tree that the mmm¡¦mmm.. They flew back to the very same tall tree where the hunter had met the first golden bird. And the very next day, who do you think was coming through the forest? That¡¯s right, the hunter was coming through the forest. He wasn¡¯t thinking about no golden bird. But as soon as those golden birds spotted him, in unison, in harmony, they all started singing. ¡°Naa, Naaa, Naa, Naa¡¯ The hunter looked up at all one hundred of those golden birds singing and he said, ¡°Oh, man, finally after all this time I know who you are. You are the bird of freedom. And you can never be killed.¡± ¡®Naa, Naa, Naa, Naa¡¯