<Fox¡¯s Sack> Fox was hungry. He said, ¡°What have I got? Nothing for my pot. What do I have in my sack, not even a little snack? But I¡¯m clever, I¡¯ll think of something.¡± And just then a bee buzzed by. Bzzzzzzz. And fox took his sack and caught it, and he put the sack over his back and started down the street until he came to a house. And he knocked on the door and a woman came to the door. ¡°Hello? Oh, fox. What do you want?¡± And fox said, ¡°I¡¯m just going to visit my friend. I wonder if I could leave my sack here for a few hours.¡± ¡°Ah, okay, just put it down.¡± Fox put his sack down and he said, ¡°Don¡¯t look.¡± ¡°Oh, I wouldn¡¯t dream of it.¡± And fox went off and as he walked he sang a song. It went like this. You can sing it with me. ¡°Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows what¡¯s in my sack. Nobody knows but me.¡± And the woman heard and she wondered, ¡°I wonder why he sang that? I wonder what¡¯s in that sack. I wonder what¡¯s in that sack. I wonder, I wonder, I wonder, I wonder, I wonder what¡¯s in that sack? I¡¯m just going to open it a crack.¡± The bee buzzed out. Bzzzzzz. ¡°Oh no! A bee, a bee! I don¡¯t like bees! Oh, oh!¡± She opened the window and the bee buzzed out bzzzzzz- over to the hen house where the hen ate it. ¡°Oh dear,¡± said the woman, ¡°what am I going to say? Well, I¡¯m just going to say nothing.¡± And it wasn¡¯t long before fox returned. ¡°I¡¯m back for my sack.¡± ¡°Its right there where you left it,¡± said the woman. Fox picked it up. He held it up to his ear. He did not hear anything buzzing in there. He said, ¡°You looked in my sack.¡± ¡°Well I just opened it a little crack and a bee buzzed out and it went right down to the hen house and a hen ate it. I¡¯m so sorry.¡± ¡°That¡¯s alright,¡±said fox. ¡°I¡¯ll just take your hen.¡± And he grabbed the hen and put it in the sack. ¡°That¡¯s not fair,¡± said the lady. But fox said, ¡°What¡¯s fair is fair, what¡¯s not is not. What¡¯s in my sack is for my cooking pot.¡± And off he walked to the next house. And when he got to the next house he knocked on the door and another woman came to the door. ¡°Yes, who is it? Oh, it¡¯s fox. What on earth are you doing here?¡± Fox said, ¡°I¡¯m going to visit my friend. Could I just leave my sack here for a few hours?¡± ¡°Oh, well. Oh, I suppose. Just put it down there.¡± So fox put his sack down and he said, ¡°Don¡¯t look in my sack.¡± ¡°Oh, for heaven¡¯s sakes! Why would I look in your sack?¡± Fox took off down the street singing that song. ¡°Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows what¡¯s in my sack. Nobody knows but me.¡± And the woman wondered, ¡°Now why would he sing that? I wonder what is in that sack. I wonder what¡¯s in that sack. I wonder, I wonder, I wonder, I¡¯ll just open it a crack. She opened it a crack. Bak, bak, bak, bak, the hen, the hen flew out. It flew out and it flew right out the door and into the pig pen. And the pig didn¡¯t like it. Snort, snort. The pig was piggy about sharing his space. Snort, snort, snort. And he rooted and rooted and chased that hen until the hen fluttered out of the pig pen and down the street. ¡°Oh dear,¡± said, the lady. ¡°Now what?¡± But just then fox came back. ¡°I¡¯m back for my sack.¡± ¡°Oh, it¡¯s right there where you left it.¡± Fox picked it up. He could tell there was no chicken in it. He said, ¡°You looked in my sack.¡± ¡°Well perhaps I just happened to open it just a crack. And a hen flew out and went down to the pig pen and the pig did not like sharing his pigpen with a hen, and he chased it out. And, oh dear, I am just so dreadfully sorry.¡± ¡°That¡¯s alright,¡± said fox. ¡°I¡¯ll just take your pig.¡± And he took the pig and put it in the sack. ¡°Well, you can¡¯t do that. That¡¯s not fair,¡± said the lady. ¡°What¡¯s fair is fair, what¡¯s not is not. What¡¯s in my sack is for my cooking pot.¡± And off he went, and walked until he came to the next house where he knocked on the door. And this time a mother came to the door. ¡°Hello? Oh fox, what are you doing here at the house?¡± And fox said, ¡°I¡¯m going to visit my friend. I wonder if I might leave my sack here for an hour or two.¡± ¡°Well, I suppose.¡± ¡°Good,¡± said fox. And he put his sack down and said, ¡°Now don¡¯t look.¡± And the mother said, ¡°Oh, for heaven¡¯s sakes, I¡¯ve got more important things to do than look in your sack. I¡¯m cleaning the house.¡± And she was. She was cleaning upstairs, she was cleaning downstairs. She had washed all her windows on this side, all her windows on this side. She had rolled up all her rugs; she had taken them out and shaken them out. And now she was upstairs changing the sheets on the bed and she never heard fox sing as he left her house. ¡°Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows what¡¯s in my sack. Nobody knows but me.¡± It wasn¡¯t long, however, before her little boy came home. ¡°I¡¯m home mom.¡± And she said, ¡°I¡¯m upstairs.¡± And he said, ¡°What¡¯s in that sack?¡± And mother said, ¡°Don¡¯t look.¡± But the little boy, he said, ¡°I bet momma got me a present. I bet she got me a present. I wonder what¡¯s in the sack. I wonder what¡¯s in the sack. I wonder, I wonder, I wonder, I wonder what¡¯s in that sack for me? I¡¯ll just sneak a peek.¡± And he opened it up snort, snort, snort- the pig got out and started running around the house. ¡°Oh no!¡± said the little boy. ¡°Momma doesn¡¯t like pigs in the house. She hates it when the house is a piggy mess!¡± He opened the door and the pig ran out and down the road. And so, when fox came back. ¡°I¡¯m back for my sack.¡± Mother said, ¡°Its right here.¡± He picked it up. He could tell there was not pig in there. He said, ¡°You looked in my sack.¡± Mother said, ¡°I did not.¡± And he didn¡¯t know what to do because mothers do not lie. And then mother and the fox looked at the little boy. And mother said, ¡°Did you look in the sack?¡± And little boy said, ¡°Well¡¦¡± ¡°Did you?¡± ¡°Well¡¦¡± ¡°Did you look in that sack?¡± ¡°Well¡¦I just opened it a crack. I thought it was a present for me and it was a pig, and I know you don¡¯t like piggy mess¡¯s mom. And it started running around so I opened the door and it went out.¡± Fox said, ¡°It¡¯s alright, I¡¯ll just take the little boy.¡± And he took the little boy and put him in the sack. The mother said, ¡°No! You can¡¯t do that! That¡¯s not fair!¡± Fox said, ¡°What¡¯s fair is fair, what¡¯s not is not. What¡¯s in my sack is for my cooking pot.¡± And he started down the street. ¡°No!¡± And he came to the next house. Another mother lived there. She opened the door. ¡°Fox, what do you want?¡± Fox said, ¡°I just want to leave my sack here for a few hours while I go visit my friend. And mother said, ¡°Ah, put it down there. Now, I¡¯m busy.¡± And fox went down the street. Mother went in the kitchen, she never heard fox sing. ¡°Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows what¡¯s in my sack. Nobody knows but me.¡± Because mother was in the kitchen baking cookies with her two little girls. They had mixed them up, they had rolled them out, they had cut them and put them on pans, and baked them in the oven. And soon a wonderful smell filled the kitchen. ¡°Mmmmm,¡± said the little girl. ¡°Mmmmm,¡± said the other little girl. And from the kitchen they heard a faint ¡°Mmmmm.¡± But then mother took the cookies out and she put them down on the board and she said, ¡°Now who wants a cookie?¡± And the little girl said, ¡°I do.¡± And the second little girl said, ¡°I do.¡± And from the living room they heard a faint, ¡°I do.¡± And they ran in the living room and there was the sack. And mother said, ¡°I knew that fox was up to no good.¡± She opened it up and the little boy jumped out and said, ¡°I want a cookie!¡± And the mother said, ¡°You¡¯re going to get a cookie, but first I need you to do something. That¡¯s my bedroom. I need you to go in there and hide under the bed until I say. Can you do that?¡± ¡°Uh huh.¡± Little boy went and hid under the bed. And then mother said, ¡°Rover, come on.¡± And her big dog Rover came bounding in. She said, ¡°Rover, I need you to get in the sack.¡± And Rover got in the sack just in time because fox came back. ¡°I¡¯m back for my sack.¡± ¡°There¡¯s your sack,¡± said mother. He picked it up. It was heavy. He knew that little boy was in it. He thanked her and he started down the road. ¡°Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows but me. Nobody knows what¡¯s in my sack. Nobody knows but me.¡± But then he said, ¡°This little boy is heavy, and I¡¯m hungry. I think I¡¯ll just have a little snack out of my sack.¡± And he put his hand in, ¡°Owie! That little boy bit me!¡± And then Rover jumped out of the sack. ¡°Rrrrrr, ruff, ruff!¡± And fox started to run but Rover kept coming. And he bit, he bit fox right in the rear end. And fox jumped into his den and Rover went home. Mother was so pleased. She gave that dog two cookies. She gave the little girl a cookie, little boy a cookie, and her other little girl a cookie. And the two girls and the dog walked that boy back to his own house. But, in foxes den, he sat there rubbing his rear end singing. ¡°Everybody knew but me. Everybody knew but me. Everybody knew what was in my sack. Everybody knew but me.¡± And that is the story of that.