<Noodlehead> Once upon a time, in a small house near a large wood, there lived a little boy and his mother. The little boy's name was Noodlehead. Now, Noodlehead was a very good little boy, he really was, and he always, always, always tried to do exactly what he ought to do, but it didn't always work out as he had planned. You see, one morning, he and his mama got up bright and early, and Mama said, "Today, Noodlehead, you get to go to Grandma's house." And he said, "Oh, boy. Oh, boy." He loved to go to Grandma's house. They always had the best time. But then Mama said, "But today, Noodlehead, I want you to go to Grandma's house all by yourself." And he thought, "Oh, no. I don't know if I can do that, Mama, but I'll try," and he did try. He went up the hill, down the hill, across the bridge, and through the woods all the way to Grandma's house. He did find his way. Grandma saw him coming, and she rushed out of the house and grabbed him around the head and the neck and said, "Ooh, Noodlehead, I'm so proud of you," and he said, "I know. I'm proud of me, too," and they had a wonderful day together. They did all kinds of fun things, but along about the middle of the day, grandma went into the kitchen. She got that great, big bowl down off the shelf. She poured in some flour and some chocolate and some eggs and she stirred up a great big chocolate cake. It smelled so good, baking up in the oven, and then she covered it with lots and lots and lots of chocolate frosting, and just before Noodlehead was about to go home, she said, "Noodlehead, how would you and your mama like some of this cake for supper?" and he said, "Oh, yeah, I would." Well, she cut a great big chunk of that cake, and he held out his hand. She set it right there in his hands, and he started out for home. He walked through the woods, and he held on real tight to that cake, because he didn't want to drop it, and then he walked out across the bridge, and he held on real tight to that cake, because he didn't want to drop it. He walked up the hill, and he held on real tight to that cake, because he didn't want to drop it. He walked down the hill on the other side, and he held on real tight to that cake, because he didn't want to drop it. His mama saw him coming and she said, "Noodlehead, you don't have the sense you were born with. Everybody knows that's not the way to carry cake. Look at that cake, you smashed it all, and, you know what?" she said, "I will tell you how to carry cake. This is what you do. Here's what you do. The next time you want to carry cake, you go out to the yard and find a big tree, pick the biggest leaf you can from that tree, wrap it around the piece of cake, put the cake up on top of your head, put your hat on top of the cake, and just walk home, and your cake will come home, too. Can you remember that, Noodlehead?" "I'll try, Mama," he said. Well, he did try, and the next day, you know where he went. He went to Grandma's house. He went up the hill, down the hill, across the bridge, and through the woods, all the way to Grandma's house, and they had a wonderful time together. They played all kinds of games and things inside the house, and then about noon, Grandma went back into the kitchen again. This time, she didn't get the bowl down; she got a great big jar with a wooden paddle in it, poured in some cream, and she started to move that paddle up and down, up and down, up and down. She was making homemade butter. And she turned to Noodlehead and said, "Noodlehead, I know for a fact that you and your mama are having pancakes for supper. How would you like some of this homemade butter on your pancakes?" and he said, "Oh, yeah, I would." Well, he knew just what to do. He held out his hands, and Grandma put a great big dollop of that butter, right there in his hands, and then he went outside into the yard, picked the biggest leaf he could find, wrapped it up around that butter and put that butter up on top of his head, put his hat on, and started for home. But it was a hot day. What do you think happened to that butter? It began to melt. It dripped right down into his hair, slid down behind his ears, oh that butter got so hot as he walked out across through the woods and across that bridge, that the butter melted and it went all the way down inside his shirt. He walked up the hill, and that butter got so hot, it melted and went all the way down inside his pants. He walked down the hill on the other side, and that butter got so hot, it melted and went all the way down inside his shoes. His mom saw him coming and said, "Noodlehead, you don't have the sense you were born with. Everybody knows that's not the way to carry butter. Now, listen to me. I will tell you how to carry butter. This is what you do, Noodlehead," as she started to scrub him up and clean him up. She said, "Listen. You take the butter down to the creek, and you dip it in the water, you dip it in the water, you dip it in the water, until it is almost frozen, and then you just carry that butter home. Can you remember that, Noodlehead?" "I'll try, Mama," he said, and he did try. The next morning, bright and early, he got up and he went to Grandma's house. He went up the hill, down the hill, across the bridge, and through the woods, all the way to Grandma's house. Oh, again they had a wonderful day together, but this time, they played inside the house and they palyed outside the house, and then they went back into the house for lunch, and it was while Noodlehead was eating his lunch that Grandma went out to the barn. She came back in a few minutes later, and she was hiding something behind her back. She walked right up to Noodlehead, and she said, "Noodlehead, how would you like a brand new puppy?" "Oh, yeah," he said, "I really would." Well, he knew just what to do. He took that puppy down to the creek and he dipped it in the water, and he dipped it in the water, and he dipped it in the water until that puppy was almost frozen. And then he carried that puppy home. His mom saw him coming, and she said, "Oh, Noodlehead, you don't have the sense you were born with. Everybody knows that's not the way to treat a living thing," and she got out a towel, and she started drying the puppy off, and she rubbed his ears and she rubbed its paws and got its circulation going again, and she said, "Now, Noodlehead, listen to me. You must never, ever treat a living thing that way. If you want a puppy to go with you, all you have to do is to carry a little length of string in your pocket. Then you take the string out of your pocket, tie it around the puppy's neck --not too loose, you don't want to lose him; not too tight, you don't want to hurt him -- and you just lead that puppy home. Can you remember that, Noodlehead?" "I'll try, Mama," he said, and he did try. The next morning, bright and early, he went up the hill, down the hill, across the bridge, and through the woods, all the way to Grandma's house. Again, they had a wonderful day. They did all kinds of fun things together, but this time, early in the day, even before lunch, Grandma went back in the kitchen. She got that great big bowl down off the shelf again. She poured flour in the bowl. She poured milk in the bowl, and she started to stir up a great big batch of bread. Ah, it smelled so good rising up and then baking in the oven, and then just before Noodlehead went home, Grandma said, "Noodlehead, how would you like a loaf of this wonderful bread to take home for you and your mama's supper?" And he said, "Oh, yeah. I would." He knew just what to do. He took that string out of his pocket. He tied one end of that string around the loaf of bread -- not too loose, he didn't want to lose it, not too tight, he didn't want to hurt it, and then he set that bread down on the ground and led that bread home. Well, you can imagine what it looked like when he got there. It was awful. It was full of mud. It was full of rocks and little worms crawling in an out. His mom said, "Oh, Noodlehead, you don't have the sense you were born with. Everybody knows that's not the way to carry bread." She said, "Now, listen to me. I know you try to do exactly what you ought to do every time, but you know what? It doesn't work out, and I get really frustrated, and do you know what? Tomorrow, I'm going to go to Grandma's house, and you're not." And do you know what? That's exactly what happened. The next morning, bright and early, Mom got up, and she baked five blueberry pies to set out on the front porch to cool, and she said, "Now, Noodlehead, mind how you step by these pies. I'm going to go to Grandma's house. You're going to stay here, but mind how you step by those pies." Mama left. Noodlehead knew just what to do. He took off his shoes. He walked right over to those five blueberry pies, and very carefully lifted up one foot and very carefully set it down right in the middle of the first blueberry pie. And then he lifted up his other foot and set it down right in the middle of the second blueberry pie, and then the third, the fourth, the fifth, and then he went over and sat down in his rocking chair and held up two blueberry feet to dry in the sun. Mom came home a few minutes later, and she said, "Noodlehead, I told you to mind how you step by those pies." And he said, "Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you said, 'Mind how you step on those pies.'" And she said, "Noodlehead, you know, I want you to sit right there, and I want you to listen to me so well that you'll not only remember what I'm going to tell you for a day, you'll remember it for a week, you'll remember it for a month. You're going to remember it for a year, and you are going to remember this for the rest of your life. Can you do that, Noodlehead?" And Noodlehead said, "I'll try. I'll try, Mama." And then, Mama said this: "I'm going to tell you two things, Noodlehead, and I want you to remember them forever. First, I want you to know that you are always going to make mistakes. It's okay, Noodlehead. It's okay. But the most important thing that you must remember is that you must always try to do your best. Can you remember that, Noodlehead? No matter what, you must always try your best." And Noodlehead thought about it and he said, "I'll try, Mama." "And here's the second thing you need to remember, Noodlehead. No matter how old you get, no matter how big you get, you will always be my little boy, and I will always love you. Can you remember that, Noodlehead?" And Noodlehead said, "Aw, Ma. Yeah, I'll remember that." And do you know what? He did. And that's the truth, too.