<The Ugly Duckling>Adapted by Hans Christian Andersen In the marsh grass next to a farm pond, a mother duck sat on her eggs. She had been waiting a long time for the eggs to hatch. She was getting tired. Finally, she heard the first egg crack. The egg broke open and out came a fuzzy little yellow duckling that announced himself with a ¡°Cheep, cheep!¡± Soon five more ducklings hatched from their eggs. The mother duck was very happy with her new family, but the she noticed that there was still one more egg in the nest. It was bigger than the others had been. It was a light blue color instead of white. Finally a crack formed at the top of the egg and a head appeared. What was this? It was a strange and clumsy creature that didn¡¯t look like the other ducklings and it made a harsh honking sound. It was a drake, but was it a duck? Mother Duck wondered if this newest baby might be a turkey. She led the hatchlings to the pond and started to swim in the shallow water. One by one, the ducklings followed her. Last came that awkward ugly duckling who jumped right into the water and began to paddle with the others. ¡°No,¡± thought Mother Duck, ¡°he is definitely not a turkey.¡± As Mother Duck led her family into the farmyard, the hens, the turkeys, the other ducks began to whisper about the odd little fellow who stood out from the other ducklings. ¡°My, he is strange¡¦why he is downright ugly!¡± As days went by, the teasing just got worse. At first Mother Duck stood up for him, pointing out he was good and he could swim really well. But finally, she grew weary of all the unhappy attention her family was attracting. As for the ugly duckling, he felt sad and lonely and he wished he could just leave the farmyard. Finally, one day, after some mean ducks chased him, bit him, threw sticks at him, and called him names, he flew over the hedge and into a field. The ugly duckling wandered long until finally he came to a hut where an old woman lived with her cat and her hen. Could he stay here? ¡°Well, what can you do?¡± asked the cat. Do you purr and wash yourself?¡± The duckling said he did not. ¡°Well, what good are you?¡± asked the hen. ¡°Can you lay eggs?¡± ¡°No,¡± said the little duck. ¡°I do not lay eggs. I love water. I love to float on the water. It feels so good to dive to the bottom.¡± Both the cat and the hen thought floating on water was a foolish idea. ¡°No floating or diving around here,¡± they said. So the little ugly duckling went back into the wide world and continued to wander alone. The ugly duckling found a pond where he could swim and dive, but none of the other pond creatures would pay attention to him because of his strange appearance. There was a new chill in the air and the leaves were turning color. One day, the ugly duckling saw an unusual and wonderful sight. Some beautiful birds had landed at the edge of the pond. They were sparkling white, with long, graceful necks and great broad wings. He had never seen such beautiful birds, but he had heard of them, and knew that they must be swans. Although he was very much attracted to them, he stayed hidden and watched them take off together to fly to the warmer lands for the winter. Now with the winter winds came snow and cold. The spot in the pond where the ugly duckling swam got smaller and smaller as the ice spread across the water. Finally, he was frozen fast into the ice. A farmer came along and broke the ice, gathered up the ugly duckling and took him home. But the farmer¡¯s children frightened him and chased him, and he soon dashed out the door and returned to the marsh where he stayed, barely alive, hungry, cold, alone. Finally, the days began to get warmer and the ice melted from the pond. And as the sun shone warmly over him, the ugly duckling spread his wings and found, to his surprise, that he again had the strength to rise up and fly. He soon came to a beautiful garden next to a lake. As he landed among sweet-smelling lilacs, he noticed three beautiful white swans coming toward him, gliding over the water. He thought they wanted to attack him. Should he hide? No, he would go to meet them and accept his fate. Life just didn¡¯t seem to matter anymore. As the duckling swam toward those great birds, he bowed his head and noticed his reflection in the water. What was this? Why, he was no longer gray, clumsy, and ugly. He was white and beautiful. He was a swan! With great joy in his heart, he joined his fellow swans who welcomed him, swam around him and stroked him with their bills. Children coming to the park to play noticed the new swan and exclaimed that he was the most handsome of all them. The swan, no longer an ugly duckling, was now happy for he had found his family at last and his heart was full of joy.