<BLUE ROSE>Hello again. I'm very happy to be here today to tell you another story. This story took place, we think maybe originally in China, many years ago. It's called the Story of the Blue Rose. The Blue Rose. A long time ago, in a far away land, there was a king. He was getting older and older, and since his wife had died, only the princess was there to really help him. He had many advisers and persons around him who wanted to help him, but she was the best; however, he was worried that when he was gone, she would need someone to love her and care for her and be her husband and help govern the entire kingdom, so he invited the suitors to come, and she met them and turned them away, one after another. The king became more and more discouraged that she would not find the right man to be her husband, and so he asked her, "What will it take?" She said, "Oh, Father, I just want to stay here with you and care for you." And he said, "No, I insist. You must name the one qualification that a suitor has to be accepted by you in marriage." And so that night, she went to the garden, her favorite garden, where she sat with her childhood friend, the gardener's son, and she discussed what was it she was to do, what kind of qualification would work. If she picked someone who was handsome and strong, what if he was really cruel and mean and heartless? If she said the qualification must be he is very wealthy, what if he is stingy and miserly and not generous? "And," she said, "what if he is powerful politically, but on the other hand, he is only after power for himself, he doesn't think of me?" They discussed it long into the night. And the gardener's son suggested, "Well, maybe the qualification should be a contest, and to make the contest ambiguous enough so that you have room to choose whether this is the right person or not." She thought on it, and in the morning she reported back to the king, and the king asked her, "Well, what is the qualification going to be?" And she replied, "The successful suitor must bring me a blue rose." "A blue rose?" said the king. "Yes, one blue rose." Well, after that, the whole line of suitors dried up. There were no suitors for many, many weeks until a wealthy merchant decided, you know, if I am married to the princess, I would inherit the king's wealth and be the wealthiest man in the entire kingdom. He thought on this a little bit and went to a flower vendor and asked the flower vendor, "Please, if you find me one blue rose, I will give you three sacks of gold," and the vendor smiled, thought a few minutes and said, "This is what I'll do." So he took a white rose and snipped the stem and set the rose in a very powerful blue dye. After two days, the rose turned entirely blue, and he went back to the merchant and said, "Here is your blue rose. You must keep it in water, or it will die. And thank you for your three sacks of gold." The vendor went away quite happy with himself and so did the merchant. Straight to the palace, down through the hallways, and to the murmuring crowd that grew around as he approached the princess, he said, "Princess, here is your blue rose." And she looked at it and took it, and then she noticed that some blue dye had dripped off the rose into her plan, and she said, "You have tried to fool me. You are false. You are deceitful, and I will never marry a person who is false and deceitful," and the merchant went away discouraged. It was several weeks later that the strongest warrior in the land decided, I must have the princess for my brode. Now this warrior was tough and hard and mean and he went to a village and he said to the mayor, "Mayor, your village must find me a blue rose or I will kill you and half of the villagers." The mayor was startled. The villagers all came around and met with the mayor, "What are we going to do?" and they put all of their money together, and they went to a jeweller, and the jeweller cut this beautiful stone of blue garnet into a lovely blue-shaped rose and set it then in a silver setting of leaves and they gave it to the warrior, who smiled and looked at it and said, "This is just perfect." The warrior went straight away to the palace and down the corridors, past the murmuring people, and to the princess he said, "Here is your blue rose." The princess looked at it for just a moment, and she said, "This is very beautiful, but it is hard and cold, and I see that you are hard and cold and I will not marry any person who is hard and cold." And the warrior went away, quite discouraged. It was just a couple weeks later that the youngest adviser to the king decided, you know, if I marry the princess, I would become the most powerful person in the country. I would be able to reign over everyone. And so he went ot a wizard and said, "Wizard, can you create for me a blue rose?" and the wizard developed this image placed in a glass box. The image, we call it a hologram, it shimmered there, this blue rose in the glass box, and he gave it to the adviser, and the adviser went straight away to the palace, and again the crowds gathered and people murmured, "Look at that. The young adviser has a blue rose, and it's so beautiful." The adviser presented it to the princess and said, "Here, Princess, is your blue rose," and she reached out into the box and her hand passed right through it, and she said, "This is nothing but smoke and mirrors. You have tried to fool me, because you want power, and I will not marry a man who is just interested in power and is interested in deceit." And the young man, the adviser, went away. Well, that evening, the princess, despairing, went to the garden again, where she met with her friend from childhood, the gardener's son. She said to him, "I don't know what to do. Men seem to be either interested in just wealth and themselves and do not have a heart and do not care for me with their heart, like you have always done. And I don't know what to do. Many men are hard and cruel, but you have always been gentle. And I don't know what to do, because so many men who have suited me are simply interested in power, and they are not interested in love and caring. They would not care for me, as you have done since we were children." The gardener's son looked up, and he said, "Princess, tomorrow just before sunset, I will bring your blue rose. Meet me in the blue room of the palace." That next day, the gardener's son took a white rose, and he went to the palace, and the people said, "Stop him. Turn him away. What does he mean coming here with a white rose and presenting it to the princess?" He walked up into the blue room, where people stood around and said, "Princess, don't even talk to him. He is not deserving." The last rays of the sunset came through the stained glass windows that were blue in the blue room and fell upon the rose. It turned a beautiful color of blue. And the princess said to the crowd that had gathered, "People, please know that I have found this young man to be so caring, so gentle, so loving, he would always listen to me and be honest. I would always listen to him and know that I was hearing wisdom. He is my suitor, who I will accept," and then she said, "And here is my blue rose, because I say it is a blue rose." Now, as stories often end, they married and lived happily ever after and ruled over the kingdom after the old king died, but that's not just because this is a fairy tale. That's because they really did care for each other. They really did talk to one another and were honest with one another, and they very much were happy with one another for many, many years.