<What A Wonderful Life> There once was an old man and an old woman who lived so happily in a little cottage out on the edge of town. It was so peaceful and quiet there. Every evening, the old man would stretch back in his chair and sigh, ¡°Oh, what a wonderful life.¡± Every evening, the old woman would settle into her rocker and knit. One evening the old man noticed the old woman¡¯s chair was squeaking every time she rocked. At first, it seemed like a small sound, but now that he had noticed it, it was driving him crazy. Then he noticed the old woman¡¯s knitting needles were clicking constantly. Well now that he noticed it, it was driving him crazy. And then he noticed that the old woman¡¯s humming, every time she rocked. At first it seemed like a small sound, but now that he noticed it, it was driving him crazy. It never stopped. The old man ran out of the house. What a horrible life, not a moment¡¯s peace in my quiet little house. He ran all the way to the village wise man, ¡°What can I do! I have a horrible life! There¡¯s not a moment¡¯s peace and quiet in my house. The rocker squeaks, the knitting needles clack and my wife hums. It¡¯s driving me crazy.¡± The wise man thought and then he said just one thing, ¡°Get a cat.¡± The old man got a cat. He took it home. Now the chair squeaked, the needles clicked, his wife hummed and the cat meowed. The old man said, ¡°Worse. It¡¯s driving me crazy.¡± He went back to the wise man and said, ¡°There is no peace and quiet in my house. Now the chair squeaks, the needles click, my wife hums, the cat meows¡¦.what a horrible life.¡± The wise man thought and he said just one thing, ¡°Get a dog.¡± The old man got a dog and now the chair squeaks, the needles clicked, the wife hummed, the cat meowed, the dog barked and the old man said, ¡°Worse and worse. It is driving me crazy.¡± He went back to the wise man, ¡°There is no peace and quiet in my house. The chair squeaks, the needles click, the wife hums, the cat meows, the dog barks, Oh what a horrible life.¡± The wise man said just one thing, ¡°Get a rooster.¡± The old man got a rooster. Now the chair squeaked, the needles clicked, his wife hummed, the cat meowed, the dog barked and the rooster crowed. The old man said, ¡°Worse and worse and worse. It¡¯s driving me crazy.¡± He went back to the wise man, ¡°There is no peace and quiet in my house. The chair squeaks, the needles click, the wife hums, the cat meows, the dog barks and the rooster crows. what a horrible life.¡± The wise man said just one thing, ¡°Get a goat.¡± The old man got a goat. Now the chair squeaked, the needles clicked, the wife hummed, the cat meowed, the dog barked, the rooster crowed, the goat bleated. And the old man said, ¡°Worse, worse, worse, worse, worse. It¡¯s driving me crazy.¡± He went back to the wise man, ¡°There is no peace and quiet in my house. The chair squeaks, the needles click, the wife hums, the cat meows, the dog barks, the rooster crows, the goat bleats. What a horrible life.¡± The wise man said just one thing, ¡°Get a cow.¡± The old man got a cow. And now the chair squeaked, the needles clicked, the wife hummed, the cat meowed, the dog barked, the rooster crowed, the goat bleated and the cow mooed. The old man said, ¡°Worse, worse, worse and worst of all. It is driving me crazy.¡± He went back to the wise man, ¡°There is no peace and quiet in my home. The chair squeaks, the needles click, the wife hums, the cat meows, the dog barks, the rooster crows, the goat bleats, and the cow moos. What a horrible life! This is the worst of all.¡± ¡°Ah,¡± said the wise man, ¡°I can help.¡± The wise man said just five things. ¡°Take back the cow. Take back the goat. Take back the rooster. Take back the dog. Take back the cat.¡± The old man took back the cow. He took back the goat. He took back the rooster. He took back the dog. And he took back the cat. He went back home. He sat in his chair. The rocker creaked, the needles clicked, his good wife hummed. It was so peaceful. He stretched back in his chair and sighed, ¡°Such peace and quiet in my home. What a wonderful life. What a wonderful life.¡±