<The Wolf and the Seven Little Kids> There was once upon a time an old goat who had seven little kids, and she loved them with all the love a mother has for her children. One day she wanted to go into the forest and fetch some food, so she called them all to her and said: ¡®Dear children, I have to go into the forest; be on your guard against the wolf; If he comes in, he will devour you all-skin, hair, and everything. The wretch often disguises himself, but you will know him well, once you hear his rough voice and see his black feet.¡¯ The kids said: ¡®Dear mother, we will take good care of ourselves; you may go away without any anxiety.¡¯ The old one bleated and went on her way with an easy mind. It was not long before someone knocked at the house door and called: ¡®Open the door, dear children; your mother is here, and has brought something back for each of you.¡¯ But the little kids knew that it was the wolf, by that rough voice. ¡®We will not open the door,¡¯ cried they, ¡®You are not our mother. She has a soft, pleasant voice, but your voice is rough; you are the wolf!¡¯ Then the wolf went away, went to a shopkeeper and bought himself a great lump of chalk. He ate this chalk, and it made his voice soft. Then he came back, he knocked on the door of the house again, and called: ¡®Open the door, dear children, your mother is here and has brought something back for each of you.¡¯ But the wolf had laid his black paws on the window, and the children saw them and cried: ¡®We will not open the door; our mother doesn¡¯t have black furry feet like you: you are the wolf!¡¯ Then the wolf went to a baker and said: ¡®I have hurt my feet; rub some dough over them for me.¡¯ And when the baker had rubbed his feet all over, he ran to the miller and said: Put some white flour over my feet for me.¡¯ The miller thought to himself: ¡®The wolf wants to deceive someone,¡¯ and he refused; but the wolf said: ¡®If you don't do it, I will devour you.¡¯ Then the miller was afraid, so he made his paws white for him. Truly, this is the way of mankind. So now the wretch went for the third time to the house door. He knocked at it and said: ¡®Open the door for me, children, your dear little mother has come, and has brought every one of you something back from the forest.¡¯ The little kids cried: ¡®First show us your paws so that we know you are our dear mother.¡¯ Then he put his paws through the window and when the kids saw that they were white, they believed that what he said was true, so they opened the door. But who should come in but the wolf! They were terrified and wanted to hide themselves. One sprang under the table, the second one into bed, the third one into the stove, the fourth one into the kitchen, the fifth one into a cupboard, the sixth under a washing bowl, and the seventh into the grandfather clock-case. But the wolf found them all, and used no great ceremony; one after another he swallowed them whole down his throat. The youngest, who was in the clock-case, was the only one he did not find. When the wolf had satisfied his appetite he took himself off and laid down under a tree in the green meadow outside, and fell fast asleep. Soon afterward the old goat came home. Ah! What a sight she saw there! The house door stood wide open. The table, the chairs, the benches were all thrown down, the washing-bowl lay broken to pieces, and the quilts and pillows were pulled off the bed. She sought her children, but they were nowhere to be found. She called them one after another by name, but no one answered. At last, when she came to the youngest kid, a little voice called: ¡®Dear mother, I am in the clock-case.¡¯ She took the kid out, and it told her that the wolf had come and eaten all of the others, and you may imagine how they both wept over all those poor kids. At length in her grief she went out, and the youngest kid ran with her. When they came to the meadow, there lay the wolf, snoring so loudly that the branches of the trees shook. She looked at him on every side and saw that something was moving and struggling in his big belly. ¡®Good heavens,¡¯ she said, ¡®is it possible that my poor children whom he swallowed down for his supper, can still be alive?¡¯ Then the kid had to run home and fetch a scissors, and a needle and a thread. And the goat cut open the wolf's stomach. Hardly had she made one cut, than one little kid thrust his head out, and when she cut farther, all six sprang out one after another, and they were still alive, and had suffered no injury whatsoever. In his greediness that monster had swallowed them whole. What rejoicing there was! They embraced their dear mother. They jumped like a tailor at a wedding. The mother, however, said: ¡®Now, everyone, go and look for some big stones, and we will fill this wicked beast's stomach with them while he's asleep.¡¯ Then the seven kids each chose a stone about their size, and they put as many of them into the stomach as they could fit; and the mother sewed him up again with great haste, so that he wasn't aware of any of it. When the wolf at length had had his fill of sleep, he got onto his legs, and the stones in his stomach made him very thirsty. He wanted to go to the well and get a drink of water. But when he began to walk and move about, the stones in his stomach knocked against each other and rattled. Then he cried: ¡®What rumbles and tumbles Against my poor bones? I thought it was six kids. It feels like six stones.¡¯ And when he got to the well and stooped over the water to get a drink, those heavy stones made him fall in, and he drowned. When the seven kids saw that, they came running to the spot and they cried aloud: ¡®The wolf is dead! The wolf is dead!¡¯ and they danced for joy and ran around the well with their mother.