<The Grumpy Donkey> Once upon a time, a long, long time ago, before computers were invented, before cars were invented, and even before ice cream was invented, there was a forest filled with talking animals, and in that forest was a very grumpy donkey. His name was Ronald, and Ronald was very proud of how beautiful he was. "Oh, I am such a lovely donkey. I have the most beautiful white glistening coat. All of the other animals are jealous of me." Well, Ronald was just a little too proud of his looks, but the funny thing about Ronald was none of the other animals called him Ronald. They called him Stinky, because all he ever did was whine and complain. "Oh, I don't think you animals know about the work I put in to keep myself beautiful for you. I take four baths a day and rub coconut milk on my coat every single night. Oh, it is such work. All so that you can lay your eyes on beautiful, beautiful, beautiful me." The animals were very tired of listening to stinky old Ronald, and most of them avoided him terribly, but one day Rabbit was very tired of hearing Ronald brag and complain, so he said, "Excuse me, Stinky, why don't you, um, I mean, I know you're not happy getting cleaned up all the time, so why don't you just go maybe to the magic cave and make a wish." Well, Stinky had never heard of the magic cave before, so he asked the rabbit what it was. "Well, it's this terribly cool place you can go and your wish will come true." Well, Stinky asked exactly where it was, and the rabbit said, "I don't know if you're going to like going there, because you'll have to get dirty, but you go through three lakes and two giant mud puddles, and when you get there, you go and you wait until sunrise, and you walk in the cave, and you have to make your wish. And then you turn around three times, and when you come out, your wish'll come true." Well, Stinky thought about that and thought about that and couldn't get the idea of a wish out of his head, so one night, he made the trip through the three lakes and the two terrible, dirty mud puddles. He stood shivering outside the magic cave until just about sunrise. And then, he went into the cave at sunrise. He walked in and he made his wish. "Although I am the most beautiful white donkey in the entire forest, I now wish to be a black donkey." He turned around three times. One, two, three. And when he walked out of the cave, Stinky was now a beautiful black donkey. Well, he was so happy. He ran through the mud puddles and swam through the lakes and went back to the forest and danced around. In fact, he wasn't anything like his old self. He had so much fun getting dirty and not worrying about taking baths. But, as things go, it didn't take long before Stinky started complaining again. "Oh, it is so hard to be a black donkey. I mean, all kinds of creatures bump into me in the dark, because they can't see me, and, well, I have to say, I really miss being beautiful and white. I mean, this is kind of boring." Well, it didn't take long before he decided to visit the magic cave again. He swam through the three lakes and splashed through the two mud puddles and waited, shivering, outside that cave until almost sunrise, and then he went inside and made his wish. "Although being a gorgeous black donkey suits me quite well, I now wish to be my beautiful white donkey self." He turned around three times. One, two, and three. And when he came out of the cave, Stinky was now a beautiful white donkey. He pranced through the mud and washed himself in each of the three lakes before returning to the forest. He was proud once again to be a beautiful white horse and happy that everyone could have the good fortune to look at him. But it didn't take long before he got tired of being white. "Oh, it is so hard. I have to bathe and bathe and bathe and rub that coconut milk, and oh, I have to hide behind bushes at night so the wolf can't find me. I just don't know if it's worth it, for all you to enjoy my beauty. I think I'm going back to the magic cave." And Stinky went back to the magic cave one more time. He waited until sunrise and went into the cave as usual. Once he was inside, he thought about his wish. "I think that I want to be a black donkey. No, that wasn't so good. I want to be a white donkey. Ew, that wasn't so good either. Maybe I'll be black. Maybe I'll be white. Maybe I'll be black." Stinky couldn't make up his mind, and just at that moment, an earthquake hit, and the cave started to fall apart. Stinky ran out of the cave as it broke apart and as he exited the cave, Stinky found that he was no longer black or white, but indeed, he was both. And that is how the zebra was invented. The end.