<Tommy and the Squeaky Door> Hello, this is a participation story. That means, I need your help in saying some words, making some sounds, and doing some action. I know you¡¯ll learn quickly just what to do, but if you see me do this, please join in, and don¡¯t be shy. This is the story of Tommy and the Squeaky Door. Tommy was a little boy who loved to visit his grandmother, because every once in a while, his grandmother would do [clapping] and say, ¡°Tommy, it¡¯s time for milk and cookies,¡± and of course, she would give them to him, and sometimes Grandma would say, ¡°Tommy, it¡¯s story time,¡± and she¡¯d read him a story. But every once in a while, Grandma would put her fingers right here next to her head, and she¡¯d say, ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± Come on, let¡¯s have you try that. ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± Well, although Tommy loved to visit his grandmother, he didn¡¯t like to spend the night, because every door in his grandmother¡¯s house was a squeaky door, and whenever you closed them, they¡¯d make this sound. Squeak. And that scared Tommy. Can you make the sound? Squeak. Well, whenever Tommy would spend the night, his grandmother would kind of go through the whole routine with him, so he wouldn¡¯t be afraid. She¡¯d say, ¡°Okay now Tommy, I¡¯m going to take you upstairs. I¡¯m going to tuck you in. I¡¯m going to give you a kiss. I¡¯m going to turn out the light. And then I¡¯m going to close the squeaky door squeak, and you¡¯re not going to be afraid, are you, Tommy?¡± Tommy always said the same thing. He always said, ¡°Uh uh. Not me. I¡¯m not afraid of anything.¡± Join me. Uh uh. Not me. I¡¯m not afraid of anything. So Grandmother took Tommy upstairs. You can do this with me. She tucked him in. She gave him a kiss. She turned out the light, and she closed the squeaky door. Squeak. And then she heard Tommy go, ¡°Aaah!¡± And Grandma came running back in. Make her run. She looked at Tommy and said, ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± And Tommy said, ¡°I¡¯m scared.¡± Grandma said, ¡°Okay, Tommy, how about if I let the kitty sleep with you? Then you won¡¯t be afraid anymore, will you, Tommy?¡± You know what Tommy said. ¡°Uh uh. Not me. I¡¯m not afraid of anything.¡± So Grandma went downstairs, and she got the kitty. She brought him up and put him in bed next to Tommy. She tucked them both in, gave them both a kiss, turned out the light, and closed the squeaky door. Squeak. And then she heard Tommy go, ¡°Aaah!¡± and she heard the kitty go, ¡°Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow,¡± and Grandma came running back in, and you know what she said, ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± And Tommy said, ¡°I¡¯m scared, Grandma.¡± And Grandma said, ¡°Okay, Tommy. How about if I let the doggy sleep with you. Then you won¡¯t be afraid anymore, will you, Tommy?¡± You know what Tommy said. ¡°Uh uh. Not me. I¡¯m not afraid of anything.¡± So Grandma went downstairs, and got the doggy. She tucked him in bed next to the kitty, who was next to Tommy. She tucked them all in, gave them all a kiss goodnight, turned out the light, and closed the squeaky door. Squeak. And then she heard Tommy go, ¡°Aaah!¡± and she heard the kitty go, ¡°Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow,¡± and she heard the doggy go, ¡°Woof, woof, woof, woof!¡± Grandma came running back in; you know what she said, ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± And Tommy said, ¡°I¡¯m scared, Grandma.¡± And Grandma said, ¡°Okay, Tommy. How about if I let the piggy sleep with you. Then you won¡¯t be afraid anymore, will you, Tommy?¡± Tommy said. ¡°Uh uh. Not me. I¡¯m not afraid of anything.¡± So Grandma went downstairs and out to the shed. She got the piggy, and she had to stop in the kitchen to wash him off, and then he was all wet. She swayed him back and forth all the way up the stairs and got mud all over the walls. She put the piggy in bed next to the dog, who was next to the cat, who was next to Tommy. She tucked them all in, and gave them all a kiss goodnight. Then she turned out the light and closed the squeaky door. Squeak. And then she heard Tommy go, ¡°Aaah!¡± and she heard the kitty go, ¡°Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.¡± She heard the doggy go, ¡°Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof!¡± and she heard the piggy go ¡°Oink, oink, oink, oink!¡± and Grandma came running back in, and she said, ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± And Tommy said, ¡°Grandma, I¡¯m so scared.¡± And Grandma said, ¡°Okay, Tommy. How about if I let the horsie sleep with you. Then you won¡¯t be afraid anymore, will you, Tommy?¡± You know what Tommy said. ¡°Uh uh. Not me. I¡¯m not afraid of anything.¡± So Grandma went out to the field. She had to chase that horsie all around to catch him. She finally got him, and she led him to the house, but she couldn¡¯t get him to walk up the stairs, so she had to carry him, and he was a heavy horse. She through the horse into the bed next to the pig, who was next to the dog, who was next to the cat, who was next to Tommy. She tucked them all in, and gave them all a kiss goodnight. She turned out the light and closed that squeaky door. Squeak. And then she heard Tommy go, ¡°Aaah!¡± and she heard the kitty go, ¡°Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow,¡± and she heard the doggy go, ¡°Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof!¡± and she heard the piggy go ¡°Oink, oink, oink, oink!¡± and she heard the horsie go, ¡°Neigh!¡± and Grandma came running back in, and you know what she said, ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± And then, Boom! There was a loud noise, and the bed broke. Well, Grandma stamped her little Grandma foot and said, ¡°That does it! Everybody down into the kitchen!¡± Well, lucky for anybody, Grandma calmed down by the time she got to the kitchen. She said, ¡°Okay, milk and cookies for everyone.¡± She served everyone milk and cookies, and then she went out to the shed and got her toolbox. She took her toolbox upstairs, opened it up, and pulled out the hammer, and she fixed the bed. Tap tap, tap tap, tap tap. When she was finished, she put the hammer back into the toolbox, and that¡¯s when she saw it: a small can with a long spout. It was an oilcan! Grandma looked at that, and she said, ¡°I know what I¡¯ll do! I¡¯ll oil all of my doors so they don¡¯t squeak anymore, and Tommy won¡¯t be afraid.¡± Grandma went around and oiled all of her doors. When she finished, she put the oilcan back in the toolbox, she closed it up and took the toolbox out to the shed and put it on the shelf, because Grandmas always pick up after themselves. Then she went into the kitchen and she said, ¡°Okay, everybody, it¡¯s time for bed. Horsie, you go back to the field. Piggy, you¡¯re back in the shed. Doggy, I want you over by the fireplace. And, Kitty, you¡¯re under the sink. And Tommy, I¡¯m going to take you upstairs. I¡¯m going to tuck you in. I¡¯m going to give you a kiss. I¡¯m going to turn out the light. And when I close the door, it¡¯s not going to squeak anymore, Tommy, because I oiled it.¡± And that¡¯s just what Grandma did. She took Tommy upstairs. She tucked him in. She gave him a kiss. She turned out the light, but before she could even close the door, Tommy was fast asleep. And now Tommy still loves to visit his grandmother, because, every once in a while, she still says, ¡°Tommy, it¡¯s cookie time,¡± and she gives him milk and cookies. And sometimes she says, ¡°Tommy, it¡¯s story time,¡± and she reads him a story. But every once in awhile, Grandma still puts her fingers right here next to her head and says, ¡°Tommy! You¡¯re driving me crazy!¡± Thank you for your help. The end.