<The Mice and the Camel> Far far away, deep in the heart of the forest, in a land seldom visited by travelers, there was once upon a time, a strange kingdom called Mousea- or the Land of the Mice. All the mice in the world either came from this land or were the children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren of mice who had been born in Mousea. The mice all lived in neat little homes, quite cozily furnished, even down to the last details such as pictures on the walls and books on the shelves. There were shops and schools, churches and forts too. And in the very center of the kingdom there was a capital city with a royal palace. It was tiny but very splendid. And in this wee palace lived King Longwhiskers the First, ruler over all the mice. Although Mousea was such a wonderful little country and so complete in every way, it was cunningly hidden away from the eyes of men. For the buildings were overshadowed by great ferns and concealed behind big boulders, so that it would have taken a very sharp eye to discover even a single house. Now it happened one day that a caravan, a great train of men and horses and camels, passed through Mousea and camped nearby. By great good luck they did not go directly through the center of the little kingdom and so the public buildings and most of the houses of Mousea were unstirred. Fortunately too, none of the mice were injured, for they had been warned by the quivering of the earth as the caravan had advanced. And some had fled to places of safety. But still, many many little homes were entirely crushed to bits and the amount of rebuilding that had to be done was very discouraging to the mice. Then too, they did not dare to begin until the caravan was far away for there was danger that it might turn back and once more destroy the houses. Now it chanced that there was a very old camel in the caravan and he had become sick from overwork and ill treatment. He was blind in one eye and he limped a little too, so that he was no longer of much value. His owner felt sure that the camel was going to die. And so when the caravan moved on from Mousea the unkind man left the poor beast behind without food or water. The old camel did not die. A few days of rest and relief from heavy burdens made a big improvement in him and soon he was able to be up and about. He was ravenously hungry and began to roam all over Mousea, tramping down many houses, eating away the ferns which hid the buildings and chewing up the crops of the short grass which the mice raised as food for the winter. The mice were frightened and worried by the state of things and began sending complaints to their king. They said that one of the moving mountains had remained and was destroying houses faster than they could rebuild them. ¡°Furry Ears,¡± said the king to his prime minister, ¡°this cannot go on. Even if this mountain be a hundred miles high he must not eat our gardens and trample our homes. Go to him and say that I command him to appear before me.¡± Furry Ears obeyed without delay and sought out the camel. He described his royal master to him as a creature of such power and importance that the great beast permitted himself to be led by his nose string to the royal palace. He stepped very carefully as he went so as to avoid further displeasing the great unknown king. But when at last he stood in the presence of the little ruler he began to show both amusement and scorn. ¡°Poof!¡± he laughed. ¡°Is that wee mite your king? I had thought to face a mighty creature. I would never have come had I known he was such a speck.¡± So saying, he clumped away, tumbling down more houses and eating more crops. But King Longwhiskers felt that he and his people would someday be avenged. He was quite right too. For only a few days after that the camel¡¯s nose string became entangled in a thorn bush. And he could not get it free, try as he would. He was forced to stand with his head to the ground and the cruel thorns jabbed him with every move he made. His plight was soon discovered and the story brought to the king. Attended by his prime minister and court, King Longwhiskers set out for the thorn bush. ¡°You see,¡± he said to the poor prisoner, ¡°you called me a speck and refused to obey my just commands or even listen to my words. And now, you are being punished.¡± ¡°You are right almighty king,¡± the camel answered humbly. ¡°I was in the wrong and now I am suffering for it. But if you will forgive me and set me free, I swear by my whiskers and my double hump that I will be your faithful servant as long as I shall live.¡± The speech touched the king and he ordered a number of his mice to work at once, freeing the camel. One gnawed away the nose-string, others pulled out the thorns from his nose, and still others held the branches aside so that he could raise his head. Once freed, the big beast kept to his word. He was so powerful that he could carry burdens which seemed impossible to the little mice and would have required the services of thousands and tens of thousands of them. He would go wherever they commanded and lie down patiently while they loaded him with sticks, stones, straw, and all sorts of building material, climbing up his hairy back by means of a little rope scaling ladders. With his help they were able to build great stone walls all around their kingdom so that they no longer had to fear the attacks of their dreaded enemies, the cats, or their envious neighbors of a nearby country, the rats. So, time went on and everyone in Mousea was very comfortable and happy. Then one day came a band of woodcutters to the forest where the tiny kingdom lay hidden under the ferns. There was no way to hide the camel however, and the woodcutters saw the big beast. They threw a rope around his neck and led him away to their tents where he was forced to carry wood and water for them. He tried to kick and bite his captors so that they would set him free but he received such hard blows for his pains that at last, he was forced to submit. He thought sadly of his kind little friends the mice and always walked very carefully wherever he went for fear he might step on the hidden home of some mouse farmer who lived outside the walls. When the king of the mice heard the bad news he was very angry indeed. And he sent Furry Ears to the woodcutters at once with the message that he wished to see them. Surprised and amused they followed him to where the little king waited in state surrounded by his court in the public square. They listened gravely to his demand that the camel be returned immediately, but when he had finished speaking they roared with laughter. ¡°You silly little mouse,¡± they said at last, wiping away the tears that their laughter had brought to their eyes, ¡°did you really think we would give the camel up to you? If you want it, come and get it.¡± ¡°I will!¡± squeaked the mouse king in a rage. ¡°I hereby declare war on you and all the people of your village.¡± At that the woodcutters laughed harder than ever and went away holding their sides declaring that the lord mayor would die of laughter when they told him of the great joke. But King Longwhiskers was in earnest that he had been defied and insulted and was entirely angry and determined on revenge. Accordingly he sent out calls to all his subjects, not only in the kingdom but in the most distant lands. And they trooped home by the thousands and tens of thousands and began marching toward the town of the woodcutters. By day they hid under leaves and bushes, but as night fell they began work. Tunnel after tunnel was burrowed under the town. First they made their way to the treasury, through the floors, and by digging under walls. And piece by piece they carried away the public money. Then they began nibbling away the foundations of all the buildings in the town and carrying off loads of dirt from under each place until, at last, the city stood on a mere crust of earth which bridged over a deep, black pit. When the king of the mice and his generals and chief engineers were sure that all was in readiness, so that the least shock would destroy the town, they sent a messenger to the camel with a warning. The little mouse ran to where the patient animal lay tied after a long hard day of toil. ¡°I shall gnaw through your rope,¡± he said. ¡°And when it is quite dark you must get up and steal quietly away to our city. All will be explained to you later.¡± When the little mouse had chewed through the last strand he was off like a flash. In the meantime the king and his prime minister had prepared a letter for the mayor of the woodcutter¡¯s town. And the mouse generals had been leading their troops far away from the scene of danger. The king¡¯s own messenger was the last to leave. He scuttled up the gatepost of the lord mayor¡¯s own house and dropped King Longwhisker¡¯s letter on the steps where it would surely be seen the first thing next morning. That night, when all the little mice were safely back in their homes they heard a soft thudding on the ground and knew that their friend the camel had come back. So they all went out as quietly as possible to make him welcome. ¡°No explanations now,¡± the prime minister said. ¡°You shall know all tomorrow.¡± And the tired camel, happy to be among his friends once more, settled down comfortably for the night in an open space which had been set aside especially for him and was known as Camel Park. Early the next morning the letter was found by the lord mayor himself. When he saw that it bore the seal of King Longwhiskers the First, he thought that the contents would be a rare joke indeed. Hastily he summoned the town council of 50 and when they were seated around the great table in the council chamber, prepared to enjoy a great laugh, he broke the seal and opened the envelope. The letter was very short. The king of the mice had merely repeated his demand that the camel stolen from him should be returned at once or he would wage war on the town. But the clever little mouse ruler had slipped a generous quantity of snuff between the pages of the letter. As the mayor read the brief message he began to laugh and waved the letter gaily around his head. His laughter changed, however, into a choking sneeze. The powder floated out into the air and in an instant the 50 councilors were all sneezing in 50 different ways. Suddenly the hall quivered, then there was a great crunching and crackling and crashing of timbers. In an instant more the thin crust of earth underneath the building broke through and almost before it can be told, the mayor and the councilors, the town hall and all the neighboring buildings had tumbled down, down, down, out of sight into the big black hole. King Longwhiskers the First and all his subjects and the camel lived long and prospered. And never again was the kingdom of Mousea, in that far off land, troubled by an enemy. The End.