<The Musicians of Bremen Town> Hello, I am very happy to be with you today to tell you a story that was told to me when I was very, very small. The story is called "The Musicians of Bremen Town," and it was first written down hundreds of years ago by the Grimm brothers. This is how the story goes. There once was a farmer who grew lots and lots of corn. He had a donkey. You know what sound the donkey makes: hee-haw! Hee-haw! Well, the donkey worked very hard, many, many, many years, tirelessly carrying corn from the farm to the mill, but finally he began to get old, and the farmer noticed that he was beginning to get a little feeble. That means that he would tire out easy, and the farmer just didn't know what to do. The donkey knew something was wrong and was a little afraid that the farmer might do him in, which means to get rid of him, so the donkey thought, now what will I do with the rest of my life? Well, he liked music, and so he decided that he would go to Bremen Town and be a street musician. So one night he set out, late at night, and as dawn was approaching, the next morning, he passed by another farm, and there was this skinny, old dog. This hound dog obviously was once a very fast and powerful dog that liked to frolic and run all around, but he was looking pretty old. The dog said, "Mr. Donkey, I'm afraid that my master wants to get rid of me, and I don't know what to do." The donkey said, "Why don't you come with me to Bremen Town, where we can be street musicians? I will play a lute, and you can play on the kettle drums." Well, the dog thought about that a long time and said, "You know, that's exactly what I'd like to do. So can I come with you?" And the donkey said, "Hee-haw. Yes. You can come with me." So they set out, and they went mile after mile, and they came upon this little cottage. It was a pretty little cottage, with curtains in the windows and, out in front, there was this cat, this little, scrawny, black cat. It looked from its face like it had been in the rain for three days. They said, "Hello, Mrs. Cat," and the cat replied, "Meow, meow," and they thought, oh, my goodness, what's the matter? And she explained that she had heard her mistress talking to a neighbor about how the cat was getting old, and she was going to have to drown her. The donkey and the dog looked at each other, and they said, "Why, that can not happen. You have a wonderful night-time voice, singing voice," said the donkey to the cat. "Will you come with us and be a musician on the streets in Bremen Town?" And the cat didn't have to think long at all. She said, "Yeah, I'll come with you," and so the three of them set out until they came to another farm, and there, in front of the farm, was this handsome rooster. "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" He made a lot of noise, but he had a great singing voice. The rooster told them that he had learned that company was coming the next day, and that they were going to have a chicken dinner. And he knew that he was going to be dinner. They invited him to come with them so they set out, all four of these soon-to-be street musicians in Bremen Town, and they went until it was very dark at night, and they were very tired, and there were no lights at all in sight, and they came to a tree which might offer some shelter and so they decided to sleep there. The donkey leaned up against the tree. The dog curled around, just in front of the trunk of the tree. The cat and the rooster both climbed up into the branches. The cat stayed pretty low in the branches, but the rooster went right up to the top, and when he was at the top, he saw a light in the distance, so he decided, "You know, there's a light out there. They might be able to provide us with shelter, a place to stay for the night, and maybe some food, because I'm very hungry." So they decided, "Okay, we will go to that house." As they were getting closer to the house, something seemed wrong, so they peeked in, and, yes, there were a number of people there, but they were clearly thieves and robbers. They were eating and drinking and making merry and counting all of the money that they had obviously stolen from other people. "Well, what are we going to do?" the donkey said. And then they made a plan, and the plan was this: the donkey would put him front paws up on the window ledge. The dog would climb up onto his back. The cat would climb up onto the dog's back, and the rooster would get up on top, and when they said the word Go, they would crash through the window and make as much noise as they possibly could. So, the donkey said, "One, two, three, GO!" and they burst through the window and they made hee-haw noises and barking noises and cat noises and the rooster crowed "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" and the robbers were scared to death. They ran out of the house as fast as they could, leaving their food and their money and everything left behind, and they went miles away. Now the donkey and the dog and the cat and the rooster were very happy to stay there that night and eat the food and enjoy each other's company in the warmth of the house. The robbers started talking to each other, though, and said, "You know, we think we saw this horrible monster, maybe a ghost, but maybe it wasn't that at all. It's quiet there, now. Let's see if we can go back." Well, they were a little scared to go back, so the head of the robbers, the head thief said, "You go, and you find out what's going on there," so one of them came all the way back to the house, came through the front door. It was dark and he saw what he thought were two little coals, and he was going to light them so that they would flare up and he could see around, but what he didn't know was, that was the glow of the cat's eyes. And when he lit the match, the cat went "Meow! Hiss!" and started to scratch him. He ran out the front door and tripped over the dog, which bit him, and then he ran into the donkey, and the donkey kicked him real hard, and all the while he heard the sound from on top of the house: "Cock-a-doodle-doo! Cock-a-doo!" and he thought it was a judge pronouncing some kind of sentence on him, so he went and told the other robbers, and they never came back. Well, our four musicians of Bremen Town decided not to go to Bremen Town after all. They stayed at that house for many years together as friends and made lots of beautiful music. The end.