<Stone Soup> This is one of my favorite stories. It's called Stone Soup. A long time ago, in a land far away, but not too far, there were three students who were wonderful friends, and they graduated from the university and decided that they would spend a year traveling all across the world. They were two young men and one young woman. The two men were bold and courageous and energetic and very bright, and the woman, the young woman, was bold, energetic, courageous, and bright and very wise. We don't know what their names were, because this happened so long ago, so we will call them Peter, Paul, and Mary. Peter, Paul, and Mary set out on their travels across the world. They climbed up mountains and down through forests that were dark and forests that were lush and green and they also walked across plains and fields and through deserts even. They had provisions that they carried on their backs, in knapsacks, and they would eat dinner at night, making the campfire, and they would sing and tell stories. Finally, as they went on their travels, their provisions, their food, and all of the other things that they needed began to get smaller and dwindled, and they began to worry about how they would have enough to eat and how they would be able to clothe themselves, because things were wearing out, their clothes were wearing out, and they started doing jobs, odd jobs, working for farmers and different kinds of merchants along the way. Finally they came to a town and they were completely out of food, and they came into the town and they asked the people in the town as they met they along the way, "Could you please help us out with a little bit of food? We would love to be able to make some stew or soup or anything," and people were not very kind to them. They did not provide them with food, did not offer them any real help, and they were very concerned, because they had never come across people who were so stingy before. That means people who weren't going to be generous and give them what they need, the help that they wanted, so they went out of the town, and they were near the town dump, that's where people threw their garbage, and they sat down and they made a fire, but they didn't have anything to cook on it, and they started thinking, what are we going to do in order to be fed and in order to survive? And they started talking about it, and Mary, the young woman, saw in the dump, at a distance, that there was this great, big, old black iron pot and she thought, you know, that pot gives me an idea, and so she told Peter and Paul "Why don't we take that pot to the center of the town, and we will tell people, after we light a fire under it, that we are going to make stone soup." Peter and Paul were kinda wondering, what is on your mind that you would think that we could make soup in the center of town when we have no food at all and no provisions? And she said, "Trust me. I think that people will help us out because they will be curious." And so they took the big pot, they cleaned it out, they went back into the center of town and in the town square they put the pot down and built a fire underneath it, and they brought three round stones and put them in the pot with water. The pot began to boil. They stood around it and smiled. That was important for them to smile, because that attracted the attention of some of the people in the town. "What are they doing?" they thought, and finally someone approached them and said, "What is it you are cooking in that pot?" And Mary said, "It's stone soup." "Stone Soup? How can you make soup from stones?" She said, "Oh, trust me. This is going to be the most delcious soup you have ever tasted, and we would be willing to share." So the lady who approached them and asked the question about 'what are you doing?' said, "Oh, that's very interesting. How do you make soup from stones?" And Mary said, "Well, you know, we could use a dash of herbs. That would really make it taste much better," and the lady said, "Okay, I've got some herbs. I can bring them to you," and so the lady came back, and she had some oregano, which is an herb, and some parsley, which is an herb, and she gave it to them and they plopped it into the pot, because it was boiling. Well, you could begin to smell something nice with those herbs in the pot. People began to gather, and Peter said, "You know, if we just had one carrot, it would really help this stone soup out a whole lot." So a young man went home and brought back a carrot, and they sliced it up and put it in the pot, and it began to boil, and then Paul said, "You know, just one potato and if we sliced it up, it would just really help thicken the soup, just perfectly." And so, someone else went and got a potato, and they cut it up, and they put it in. And then, Mary said, "You know, this soup is wonderful, but there could be an added touch of protein if we had a chicken," and a woman scratched her head and said, "You know, this is very interesting, and if you would be willing to share your soup, I would be willing to get my chicken, and we can add it to the pot." And she did. She got her chicken, they came in, they cleaned it, plucked it, they put it in the pot and things were beginning to boil, and the steam was coming off the pot and it was delicious-smelling, and people began to offer all kinds of things from their kitchens, from their gardens, to put in the pot, so we had beans, and we had additional potatoes and carrots. We had all kinds of other vegetables like celery, and just many... Kohlrabi. Have you ever heard of Kohlrabi? That went into the pot, and all at once, it began to just produce this wonderful smell. And so Peter, Paul, and Mary said, "If you have bowls and spoons, please come and share our soup with us," and so the people went back and they got bowls and spoons and they got some bread to go along with it, and they dipped it out of the pot, and it was wonderful, the stone soup. How do you make soup from stones? Well, Peter, Paul, and Mary, and especially Mary, knew exactly how. Now, the moral of the story. There are several morals. The moral of the story is partly, you know, there's always more that we can share if we want. The other moral of the story is that sometimes you have to get people curious in order to get them to engage and give and that's the story of stone soup.