<The Emperor¡®s New Clothes> Hello, again. I¡¯m delighted to be here today with you to tell you another story. This story is known as the Emperor¡¯s New Clothes. Now, we don¡¯t know exactly where it really happened, but there¡¯s a number of countries around the world, including Turkey and England and France and Germany and Thailand and Burma, that all have very similar stories, so I think it might have happened. In a land far away, a long time ago, there was a king. Now this king was different than many kings, because he didn¡¯t care about his armies. He didn¡¯t care about even his gold and silver. He didn¡¯t even care very much, but he should have, about the townspeople around him and throughout the country. What he cared about most were fine clothes, fancy robes, all kinds of coats and suits and shoes that glimmered with gold gems and fine thread. Well, many people thought, most kings stay with their council chambers. He stays in his wardrobe. Well, there came to pass in the town where the palace was, that two sly tricksters came through town. They were weavers, and they had two big looms with them in their cart, and they started spreading rumors that the looms that they worked on were magical, and they could produce the finest silken threads, the finest clothing anywhere in the world, and the clothing was also magical. It had the ability to be invisible, but only to those people who were unfit or were unpardonably stupid. That rumor spread wide, until it finally made it into the palace, and the king heard the rumor that these two weavers had this wonderful set of two magical looms that they wove cloth on, and so he became very curious, because every year there was a grand parade through the town, in which he was able to show off his finest clothing. So, he invited the weavers to come to the palace and tell him about their fine cloth and clothing. They came and they told him exactly what I told you, and that is that the clothing that they produced, and the cloth that they produced, had the magical ability to be invisible but only to those people who were unfit for their positions or were very stupid. The king thought, this is grand; I will have the most wonderful clothing anywhere. ¡°Tell me about its textures and colors,¡± he said, and the weavers responded, ¡°Oh, there are bright colors and wonderful smooth and silky textures to all of our clothing. People will look at it, and they will say they had never seen anything finer.¡± The king said, ¡°Please, I will give you whatever you need, whatever you want, to make me a suit of clothes for the procession.¡± And so he did; the weavers agreed and the king gave them the two weavers gold silk and all kinds of fine cloth and silk from far away places and so they set up their looms not too far from palace and they started working the looms, but there was no cloth on the looms. They just went through the motions, making it look like they were weaving, so after a couple of days and lots of rumors about what are they doing there and a few people trying to sneak a peek and thinking, oh my goodness, I can¡¯t see anything. I must be stupid or unfit. The king got curious what¡¯s happening over there, where those weavers are weaving so fast and furiously, and so he decided that he would send instead of going himself, because he was a little worried, although he knew he was smart and certainly fit for his position, he knew that, well, he was uncomfortable. So he sent his oldest, wisest advisor, and the advisor went over to the weavers, went in and looked at what they were doing, and he didn¡¯t see any cloth, but the weavers kept making motions like they were weaving cloth, and he said to himself, ¡°I must be stupid, or I must be unfit, because I can¡¯t see it, but I must tell the king about how beautiful this cloth is, or I will lose my job,¡± and so he went back to the king, and he told the king, ¡°King, the weavers have made the most beautiful cloth. It has fine lines and patterns in it. It is brightly colored. It glistens and shimmers. It is like nothing you have ever seen.¡± And the king smiled and looked forward to the day that the procession would take him through the center of town in all his new, fine clothes, and a couple of more days passed, and the king began to get anxious again. The procession day was getting closer, and so he asked his knights to go and take a look at the cloth. This way he might be able to find out if his knights were fit for their positions. And so the knights went over to the weavers and the weavers invited them in, and the weavers said, ¡°Don¡¯t you admire this cloth here, and what about this pattern here? It¡¯s beautiful beyond measure.¡± And the knights, who didn¡¯t see anything, were worried that they would lose their jobs and that they would be found to be too stupid, and so they went back to the king and they reported all the things that the weavers had told them about the cloth, how it shimmered and how its patterns were beyond compare, and the king was so pleased that he rushed down to the weavers and said, ¡°Weavers, please, sew me from this cloth your wonderful set of new clothes,¡± and then he looked, and he didn¡¯t see any cloth, and he worried, oh my goodness, I¡¯m the only one here who doesn¡¯t see this cloth. Worried. He was approached by the weavers, who said, ¡°Oh, we are so happy to do this,¡± and they took scissors, and they took needles, and they took imaginary cloth that wasn¡¯t there and they made the motions like they were sewing this new set of clothes and fitting them on him, and the king was being told that, ¡°Now, look at this cloak on your back. See how magnificently it sets against your form, and look at this wonderful hat that we have prepared with all its glorious gems,¡± and the king let them unclothe him and put the suit on. The next day, there was the procession through town, and the king was refitted with those clothes, and he stepped out. He was very nervous, but he felt confident that things would be all right. The crowds had gathered. They were looking forward to seeing this. They wanted to find out which of their neighbors was stupid or unfit, and then they saw the king and they could not see his clothes, and they all were kind of worried. The king went through the procession, and one little child spoke up, ¡°But the king has nothing on!¡± The emperor indeed had no clothes on, but he was stuck having to go through the procession, and he knew it, so he held his head up high and our king, the emperor of all the lands, went through the entire procession, but everyone heard the little child, and everyone began to murmur, ¡°The king, our emperor, has no clothes.¡±