<Rapunzel> There were once a man and a woman who had long wished for a child. At length the woman hoped that she was about to have her wish. These people had a little window at the back of their house upon which they looked at a beautiful garden. It was full of flowers and herbs, and but it was surrounded by a high wall. No one was brave enough to go into the garden because it belonged to a witch, who had great power and was greatly feared. One day the woman was standing by the window and looking down into the garden. When she saw a bed which was planted with the most beautiful rampion (rapunzel), it looked so fresh and green that she longed for it, and she began to look pale and miserable. Then her husband was alarmed, and said: ¡®What is the matter, dear wife?¡¯ ¡®Oh,¡¯ she replied, ¡®if I can¡¯t eat some of the rampion that is in the garden behind our house, I shall die.¡¯ The man, who loved her, thought: ¡®Sooner than let you wife die, bring her some of the rampion yourself, let it cost what it will.¡¯ At twilight, he climbed down over the wall into the witch¡¯s garden, he grabbed a handful of rampion, and took it to his wife. She at once made a salad of it, and ate it greedily. It tasted so good to her-so very good, that the next day she longed for it three times as much as before. If he was to have any rest, her husband must once more descend into the garden. In the gloom of the evening therefore, he let himself down again; but when he had clambered down the wall he was terribly afraid, for he saw the witch standing before him. ¡®How can you dare,¡¯ she said with angry look, ¡®descend into my garden and steal my rampion like a thief? You shall suffer for it!¡¯ ¡®Ah,¡¯ answered, ¡®let mercy take the place of justice, I only made up my mind to do it out of necessity. My wife saw your rampion from our window, and felt such a longing for it that she would have died if she had not gotten some of it to eat.¡¯ Then the witch allowed her anger to be softened, and said to him: ¡®If the case be as you say, I will allow you to take away as much rampion as you will, only I make one condition, you must give me the child which your wife will bring into the world; it shall be well treated, and I will care for it like a mother.¡¯ The man in his terror consented to everything, and when the woman was brought to bed, the witch appeared at once, she gave the child the name, Rapunzel, and took it away with her. Rapunzel grew into the most beautiful child under the sun. When she was twelve years old, the witch shut her into a tower, which lay in a forest, and had neither stairs nor door, but at quite the top was a little window. And when the witch wanted to go in, she placed herself beneath the window and cried: ¡®Rapunzel, Rapunzel, Let down your hair. So I may climb that golden stair.¡¯ Rapunzel had magnificent long hair, fine as spun gold, and when she heard the voice of the witch she unfastened her tresses and wound them around one of the hooks at the window, and the hair fell twenty feet, the witch climbed up it. After a year or two, it came to pass that a king¡¯s son was riding through the forest and he passed by the tower. Then he heard a song, which was so charming that he stood still and listened. This was Rapunzel, who in her solitude passed her time in letting her sweet voice resound. The king¡¯s son wanted to climb up to her, but looked for the door of the tower, none was to be found. He rode home, but the singing had so deeply touched his heart, that every day he went out into the forest and listened to it. Once when he was thus standing behind a tree, he saw that the witch came there, and he heard her cry out: ¡®Rapunzel, Rapunzel, Let down your hair. So I may climb that golden stair.¡¯ Then Rapunzel let down the braids of her hair, and the witch climbed up to her. ¡®If that is the ladder by which one climbs the tower, I will try my fortune, too¡¯ said the prince, and the next day when it began to grow dark, he went to the tower and he cried: ¡®Rapunzel, Rapunzel, Let down your hair. So I may climb that golden stair.¡¯ Immediately the hair fell down and the king¡¯s son climbed up. At first Rapunzel was terribly frightened when a man, such as her eyes had never yet beheld, came to her; but the king¡¯s son began to talk to her quite like a friend, and told her that his heart had been so stirred by her beautiful singing that he wished to meet her. Then Rapunzel lost her fear, and when he asked her if she would take him for her husband, and she saw that he was young and handsome, she thought: ¡®He will love me more than the witch¡¯; and she said yes, and laid her hand in his. ¡®I will go away with you willingly, but I do not know how to get down. Bring with you a skein of silk every time that you come, and I will weave a ladder with it, and when that is ready I will descend, and you can take me on your horse.¡¯ They agreed that until that time he should come to her every evening, the old woman came by day. The witch knew nothing of this, until once Rapunzel said to her: ¡®Tell me how does it happen that you are so much heavier for me to draw up than the king¡¯s son.¡¯ ¡®You wicked child.¡¯ cried the witch. ¡®What do I hear you say! I thought I had separated you from all the world, and yet you have deceived me!¡¯ In her anger she clutched Rapunzel¡¯s beautiful braids, wrapped them twice around her hand, seized a pair of scissors and with her right hand, snip, snap, she cut them off. The lovely braids lay on the ground. The witch was so angry that she took poor Rapunzel out into the desert where she had to live a life, a grief and misery. That same day that she cast out Rapunzel however, the witch fastened the braids of hair to the hook which she had cut off, and when the king¡¯s son came and he cried: ¡®Rapunzel, Rapunzel, Let down your hair. So I may climb that golden stair.¡¯ She let the hair down. The king¡¯s son ascended, but instead of finding his dearest Rapunzel, he found the witch! ¡®Aha!¡¯ she cried, ¡®you would fetch you dearest, but the beautiful bird sits no longer in the nest; the cat has got it, and will scratch your eyes as well. Rapunzel is lost to her; you will never see her again.¡¯ The king¡¯s son was beside himself with pain, and despair he leapt down from the tower. He escaped with his life, but the thorns into which he fell pierced to his eyes. Then he wandered quite blind about the forest, ate nothing but roots and berries, and did nothing but lament and weep over the loss of his dearest wife. Thus he roamed about in misery for some years, when at length he came to the desert where Rapunzel was, with twins to whom she had given birth, a boy and a girl, they were living in wretchedness. He heard her voice though, and it seemed so familiar to him that he went toward it, and when he approached, Rapunzel knew him and fell on his neck and wept. Two of her tears wetted his eyes and they grew clear again, and he could see with them just as before. He led her to his kingdom where he was joyfully received, and Rapunzel, the prince, and their children lived for a long time afterward, happy and contented.