<LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD> Hello. Today I'd like to tell you the story of Little Red Riding Hood. This is one of those stories that is told in many versions, in many parts of the world, so this is one way to tell this very old story. Little Red Riding Hood was a little girl who lived with her mom at the edge of the woods. Her mom sewed for her and made her a red hood and a cape, and she loved to wear it. In fact, she wore it so much that people just called her Little Red Riding Hood. Now one day, her mother called and said, "Little Red Riding Hood, would you please come here? I have a basket of goodies that I would like you to take to your grandmother on the other side of the woods. Grandmother is not feeling well, and so I have some fruit and some cake for Grandmother for a little treat." "Okay," said Red Riding Hood, "I'll be off in a flash," and away she went, down the path toward her grandmother's house. Now, as she was walking through the woods, suddenly a wolf appeared. Now, you might think that she'd be afraid of that wolf, but he looked very friendly, and she was a friendly little girl, and so he said, "Hey, Red Riding Hood, I've heard of you. Where are you going?" "Well," she said, "I'm going to see Grandmother and bring her some treats." "Oh, that's very nice of you," said the wolf, "and your grandmother's house is just down the path in the woods?" "Yes," said Red Riding Hood. "Well," said the wolf, "have a good walk. Bye." And Riding Hood continued down the path, but the wolf knew another, faster way, and he went speeding along toward Grandmother's house. And here's the door of her house and the table and her bed, not feeling well and Grandmother in her bed. So the wolf went zooming along, and he got to the house before Red Riding Hood, and he knocked at the door. Knock, knock, knock. Granny said, "Who is it?" And the wolf disguised his voice. "It's your granddaughter, Little Red Riding Hood." And Granny said, "Oh come on in, dear," and the wolf went inside and stood next to the bed, and Granny started to yell when she saw the wolf, and she got up to run away, but that wolf just swallowed her up whole. He was very hungry. Then that sneaky wolf put on Granny's hat and he got into her bed, waiting for Red Riding Hood to come. Soon, along the path, came Red Riding Hood, and she knocked at the door. Knock, knock, knock. And the wolf, trying to make his voice sound like Granny said, "Who is it?" "It's me, Little Red Riding Hood." "Oh come right in, dear." Red Riding Hood went through the door, and she stood next to her Granny's bed. And she said, "Oh, Granny, you don't look very good today. My goodness, what big ears you have!" And Granny said, "The better to hear you with, my dear." And then, Red Riding Hood, "and, and Granny, what big eyes you have!" And the wolf said, "All the better to see you with, my dear." And then Red Riding Hood got closer and she looked at that Granny's mouth and said, "But, Granny, what big teeth you have!" "All the better to eat you with, my dear!" And that wolf came jumping out of the bed and he swallowed Little Red Riding Hood whole. Then the wolf went off into the woods, and he was so full and so tired he laid down and fell asleep. Well, now, in the woods that day there was a woodcutter, and he had seen Little Red Riding Hood go by, and he kind of heard the commotion, and he came to see what was wrong, and he looked inside the house and then he looked under the tree, and he figured out very quickly what had happened. And he could even see in that wolf's big tummy, that there were things moving around in there, and so he quickly took his axe, and he cut open the wolf's stomach, and out jumped Little Red Riding Hood and Granny. And they were so happy to see him. Now what to do with that wolf? They went back to the house and got some thread, and they put stones into the wolf's stomach, great big stones, and they sewed it up, and then they went back into the house to have those goodies that were now on the table. Granny popped back into bed, because she was a little tired after all that excitement, and the woodcutter came to join them. And, meanwhile, out under the tree, that wolf woke up. Oh, he felt awful! His stomach was so heavy! And so he went nearby to the river and he took a big drink of water, and then he drowned in the river, and nobody saw the wolf again.