<The Pied Piper of Hamelin> Hello, I¡¯m so happy to be with you again, telling you another story. This one is one I remember I was told when I was a young child. It¡¯s the story of the pied piper of Hamelin. Now a piper is someone who plays on a flute or similar instrument. And a pied piper is someone who is dressed in two different colors. And I remember all kinds of different pictures of who the pied piper of Hamelin was. But you have to imagine him yourself. And the illustrations in this story, of a book that was a poem by Robert Browning, were done by Kate Greenaway. And they have a very nice image of who we think the pied piper of Hamelin might have been. And this is more than just a fairytale or another folk story; this is a legend that¡¯s based on something that really did happen about 800 years ago. It was in the town of Hamelin, in Germany now, and we don¡¯t know exactly what happened, but it happened to the children of the town of Hamelin. Now here¡¯s our story. The pied piper of Hamelin. Hamelin was a wonderful bustling town. It was very prosperous and also the people, who were known to be very frugal, they kept good track of where they spent their money. The town council and the mayor were also known to be very careful about their money. In fact, they might have been called misers, who are very stingy. Except for one thing, every year, they would have a festival, a big feast where all kinds of food and wine and dancing and singing would take place. And that is where they spent much of their treasury. The town of Hamelin was a wonderful place, except for one thing. They had so much grain stored away, so much food that it attracted the rats. And the rats came and they would eat the cheese from the coiffeurs and they would attack the cooks in the kitchens. And they would hide in people¡¯s hats. And they would scare the women so that they jumped up on their barrels and chairs. And the people were very upset because so many rats were causing so many problems. The rats were chasing away the dogs. The rats were eating the cats. They were so big, the town put out a call for help. And there appeared before the town council, a strange man. His clothing had two colors, yellow and red. He appeared at the door and said, ¡°I believe I can be of service to you.¡± He saw that the rats were scaring the children and that they were over running the town. And he decided that he would offer to take care of the rat problem for them with his magic spell. His magic spell had to do with his flute and his music. And so he said ¡°for a thousand guineas I will take care of the rats for you. They will no longer be a problem.¡± And the mayor and the town council were so thrilled at that, that they decided to say, ¡°A thousand? Will give you fifty thousand just please help us be rid of these rats.¡± So the piper started to play and there was a rustling and a bustling all through the town. From the attics to the basements, there was sound of scurrying feet and the rats all came around the piper, who piped on with his wonderful music. And as he walked down the street from houses here, bedrooms there, restaurants here, from all different parts of the city, the rats gathered round him and they followed him as he walked down the street. And he left the town and wandered down the road to the river which was near the mountain. And all at once the rats started following him as he walked along the river and they started jumping in the river. And they were drowning. And all of the rats were drowned, except for one. One old rat whose managed to swim to the other side and was able to tell the tale. Well, the towns people were thrilled. And the mayor said, ¡°Okay, go out with your sticks and your implements to close up all of the holes and to poke out all of the old nests there of rats." And we will not have a rat problem again because we have seen them all be killed at the river. But the piper held out his hand and asked, ¡°Please, I really only wanted fifty gilders. You offered me fifty thousand; I will take the thousand that we agreed upon.¡± And the mayor said, ¡°Well, we¡¯re a very frugal people, the rats are now all gone. I don¡¯t see how we can pay for our next feast and all the food and all the dancing and all the music if we give you what you ask for. So we¡¯ll give you all the food you want and five guilders and be on your way.¡± Well this left the piper very unhappy because the mayor and the town council would not live up to their promise. So seeing that they would not live up to their promise, he warned them, ¡°Now you pay the consequences for not living up to your promise.¡± And he started to play his flute again. And all at once there was another rustling and bustling. The children heard the music and the music told them of wonderful places and beautiful skies and food and candy. And as they heard the music, they began to run toward the street. As they ran toward the street, the parents and adults in the town were frozen in their place. They were not able to move as they watched the children run to the piper. They ran down the steps and out of the houses, and they ran through the courtyards and into the street. And the parents were hoping that they would not run away, but they saw them as they gathered around and danced behind the piper. In a long line, they followed the piper down the street. As he piped on his way, down the street and the common council members and the mayor were frozen in their place, they could not move. The piper led the children away except for one poor, young fellow, who was lame and could not keep up with them. The piper led them down to the river and the parents and the adults were frightened that they were going to be drowned just like the rats were. But then the piper turned towards the mountain. And everyone thought ¡°Oh good, they cannot go through the mountain. The mountain is too high. You cannot penetrate it. But all at once, an opening, a cavern opened, a huge door in the mountain and the piper led the children in. As the poor, young lame man tried to catch up to them, the cavern and the mountain closed behind the children and he was not able to keep up. He told the parents then later and the adults of the town that he had heard of such wonderful treasures and places and music and balloons and candy and such fun as had never been had before and he was so sad that he could not go with the other children. But the parents were disconsolate. They were sad beyond belief. They missed the children so much and they searched high and low. And they called throughout the land, ¡°Does anyone know where this piper is? Where are children are?¡± And they were never found. That¡¯s the sad story of Hamelin town. There is a moral to this story, and that is, live up to your promises because they are so important and you will be very happy if you do. And if you don¡¯t, then terrible things can happen. Now there is another legend that I would tell you about. In a land hundreds of kilometers away called Moravia, which in now the Czech Republic there is a village with people who wear all kinds of outrageous clothing in two colors. And they have a story, a tale that their grandparents emerged one day from a cavern in a mountain nearby. And that is a story for another time.