<Tom Thumb> A poor woodman sat in his cottage one night, smoking a pipe by the fireside, his wife sat by his side spinning next to him. ¡¯How lonely it is, for you and I to sit here by ourselves, without any children,¡¯ said the wood man, ¡®other people seem so happy and merry with their children!¡¯ ¡¯What you say is very true,¡¯ answered the wife; ¡¯how happy should I be if I had but one child! Even if it were ever so small no, even if it were no bigger than my thumb I should be very happy, and love it dearly.¡¯ Now odd as you may think it came to pass that this good woman¡¯s wish was fulfilled; for, not long afterwards, she had a little boy, who was quite healthy and strong, but was not much bigger than my thumb. So they said, ¡¯Well, we can¡¯t say we didn¡¯t get what we wished for, and, even though he¡¯s little, we will love him dearly.¡¯ They named him Thomas Thumb. They gave him plenty of food, but he grew no bigger. Still, his eyes were sharp and sparkling, and he soon showed himself to be a clever little fellow. One day, as the woodman was getting ready to go into the wood, he said, ¡¯I wish I had someone to bring the cart after me.¡¯ ¡®Oh, father,¡¯ cried Tom, ¡¯I will take care of that; the cart shall be in the wood by the time you need it.¡¯ Then the woodman laughed, and said, but ¡¯How can that be? you cannot even reach the horse¡¯s bridle.¡¯ ¡¯Never mind that, father,¡¯ said Tom; ¡¯if my mother will only harness the horse, I will get into his ear and tell him which way to go.¡¯ ¡¯Well,¡¯ said the father, ¡¯we will try.¡¯ When the time came the mother harnessed the horse to the cart, and put Tom into his ear; the little man told the beast how to go, crying out, ¡¯Go on!¡¯ and ¡¯Stop!¡¯ as he wanted: the horse went on just as well as if the woodman had driven it himself. It happened that the horse was going a little too fast, and Tom was calling out, ¡¯Gently! gently!¡¯ when two strangers came up. ¡¯What an odd thing that is!¡¯ said one: ¡¯there is a cart going along, and I hear a carter talking to the horse, but yet I can see no one.¡¯ ¡¯That is strange, indeed,¡¯ said the other; ¡¯let¡¯s follow the cart, and see where it goes.¡¯ So they went on into the wood, till they came to the place where the woodman was. Then Tom Thumb, seeing his father, cried out, ¡¯See, father, here I am with the cart, all right and safe! now take me down!¡¯ So his father took Tom out of the horse¡¯s ear, and put him down upon some straw. The two strangers were all this time looking on, and did not know what to say. At last one took the other aside, and said, ¡¯That little fellow will make us a fortune, we can carry him about town to town as a show; we must get him.¡¯ So they approached the woodman, and asked what he would take for the little man. ¡¯He will be better off,¡¯ the stranger said, ¡¯with us than with you.¡¯ ¡¯I won¡¯t sell him¡¯ replied the father; ¡¯my own flesh and blood is dearer than all the silver and gold in the world.¡¯ But Tom, hearing the bargain wanted to make, crept up his father¡¯s coat to his shoulder and whispered, ¡¯Take the money, father, and let them have me; I¡¯ll soon come back to you.¡¯ So the woodman sold Tom for a large piece of gold. ¡¯Where would you like to sit?¡¯ asked one. ¡¯Oh, put me on the rim of your hat; that will be a nice spot for me; I can walk about there and see the country as we go along.¡¯ So they did as he wished. They journeyed on till dusk, then Tom said, ¡¯Let me down, I¡¯m tired.¡¯ So the man took off his hat, and put Tom on a clump of of earth, in a ploughed field by the side of the road. But Tom ran about amongst the furrows, and at last slipped into an old mouse-hole. ¡¯Good night, my masters!¡¯ shouted he, ¡¯I¡¯m off! remember look sharp after me next time.¡¯ The strangers ran to the hole, and poked at it with a stick, but all in vain; Tom crawled and crawled farther and farther in; at last it was quite dark, and so that they were forced to go their way without their prize, grumpy as could be. When Tom discovered they were gone, he came out of his hiding-place. He found a large empty snail-shell to rest in until morning. Just as he was falling asleep, Tom heard two men passing by, they were discussing how best to rob a rich man¡¯s house¡¯ ¡¯I¡¯ll tell you!¡¯ cried Tom. ¡¯What was that?¡¯ said the startled thief, frightened; ¡¯I¡¯m sure I heard someone speak.¡¯ The two stood still listening, and Tom said, ¡¯Take me with you, and I¡¯ll soon show you how to get the rich man¡¯s money.¡¯ ¡¯But where are you?¡¯ they replied. ¡¯Look on the ground,¡¯ follow my voice,¡¯ answered Tom. At last the thieves found him, and lifted him up in their hats. ¡¯You little fellow!¡¯ they said, ¡¯How can you help us?¡¯ ¡¯Why, I can get between the iron window-bars of the man¡¯s house, and throw you out whatever you want.¡¯ ¡¯That¡¯s a good thought,¡¯ said the thieves; ¡¯come along, we shall see what you can do.¡¯ When they came to the house, Tom slipped inside through the window- and shouted, ¡¯Will you take everything?¡¯ The thieves became frightened, and said, ¡¯Softly, softly! Speak low, so you don¡¯t wake anyone.¡¯ But Tom pretended not understand, and shouted again, ¡®What will you have? Shall I throw out everything?¡¯ Now the cook in the next room; heard the noise and got out of bed to listen. Meanwhile the thieves grew more frightened, and ran off a ways; at last regained their courage realizing Tom¡¯s plan. They came back and whispered 'softly no more of your jokes; throw us out some money.¡¯ Then Tom called out as loud as he could, ¡¯Very well! Hold out your hands! here it comes.¡¯ The cook heard this and sprang out of bed, running to the open door. The thieves ran off: and the maid, finding nothing, went for some light. By the time she came back, Tom had slipped off into the barn; when she searched every hole and corner, and found no one, she returned to bed, thinking it was all a dream. The little man crawled about in the hay-loft, and at last found a snug place to a night¡¯s rest; he laid down, and slept until daylight. The next morning, he set off through the woods, to return to his parents. But alas! How horribly he was undone! A hungry wolf sprang out, and swallowed up Tom whole, at one gulp, and ran away. Tom, however, was not disheartened; and thinking the wolf would not mind having some chat with, he called out, ¡¯My good friend, I can show you a wonderful treat.¡¯ ¡¯Where¡¯s that?¡¯ said the wolf. ¡¯In such and such a house,¡¯ said Tom, describing his father¡¯s home. ¡¯You can crawl through the drain into the kitchen and then into the pantry, and there you will find cakes, ham, beef, cold chicken, roast pig, apple-pies, and everything that your heart desires.¡¯ The wolf did not want to be told twice; so that very night he went to the house and crawled through the drain into the kitchen, then into the pantry, and ate and drank to his heart¡¯s content. As soon as he had had enough he tried to leave; but he had eaten so much that he could not go out by the way he came in. This was just what Tom had reckoned upon; and began a great shout, making all the noise he could. ¡¯Will you be quiet?¡¯ snarled the wolf; ¡¯you¡¯ll awaken everybody in the house if you make such a clatter.¡¯ ¡¯What¡¯s that to me?¡¯ said the little man; ¡¯you have had your fun, now I¡¯ve a mind to be merry myself¡¯; and he began, singing and shouting as loud as he could. The woodman and his wife awoke to the noise, peeped through a crack in the door; and when they were quite frightened; The woodman ran for his axe, and gave his wife a knife. ¡¯Stay behind me,¡¯ said the woodman, ¡¯and when I have knocked him on the head you must cut him with the knife.¡¯ Tom heard all this, and cried out, ¡¯Father, father! I am here, the wolf has swallowed me.¡¯ And his father said, ¡¯Oh, What luck! we have found our dear child again¡¯; and he told his wife not to use the knife for fear she should hurt him. Then he aimed a great blow, and struck the wolf on the head, and killed him on the spot! when he was dead they cut him open set Tom free. ¡¯Ah!¡¯ said his father, ¡¯We were so worried about you!¡¯ ¡®¡¯Yes, father,¡¯ he answered; ¡¯I have travelled all over the world, since we parted; and now I am very glad to come home and get fresh air again.¡¯ ¡¯Why, where have you been?¡¯ said his father. ¡¯I have been in a mouse-hole, in a snail-shell and a rich man¡¯s home and down in a wolf¡¯s belly; yet here I am again, safe and sound.¡¯ ¡¯Well,¡¯ they said, ¡¯you have come back, and we will not sell you again for all the riches in the world.¡¯ They hugged and kissed their dear son, and gave him plenty to drink, for he was very hungry; and then they fetched new clothes for him, for his old ones had been quite ruined on his journey. So Master Thumb stayed at home with his father and mother, in peace; for though he had been a great traveler, and had done and seen so many fine things, he was fond enough of telling the whole story, he always agreed that, after all, there¡¯s no place like HOME!