<The Hat Shaking Dance> I would like to do a story for you, and the story is called, "The Hat Shaking Dance." Now this is an Anansi story. So those of you who may not be familiar with Anansi, Anansi is a spider who hails from West Africa. He's a very very clever sort of guy. He's always getting into trouble because he's always trying to trick somebody. He's clever, but instead of doing it the right way he's got another way. So here we go: This is an Anansi story and it's called "The Hat Shaking Dance." Anansi the spider has a wife and her name is Aso. Aso is a very very nice lady and she's a really good cook too, but that's another story. Anyway, one day something very sad happened in their family. Very very sad indeed. Aso's father, an elderly man, he passed away. It was very very sad. And you know that when people pass away we have to have funerals for them. And after the funeral- well, you know- everybody gets together for a big feast. So, since Anansi and Aso didn't live in the same village with her father they had to pack up all their clothes and pack a lunch because there's not fast food places out in the country. They had to pack up a nice lunch. And they were just about to go out the door, and just when they got to the door Anansi said, "Aso, you know, there's something I have to do here around the house. Ah, um, you go on without me. I'll be there directly.¡± She said, "What do you mean, you'll be there directly? Don't you know my father has died and I need you? You're my husband and I need you by my side." He said, "I didn't say I wasn't coming. I said I'd be there directly. I got something to do here around the house. You go on, go on. I'll be there, I'll be there.¡± So, being the wife that she was, Aso went off to the funeral by herself. And there was Anansi the spider by himself and what he had to do was to think. And what he was thinking was, ¡°Hmmmm, my father-in-law was very well respected. Quite well loved, not only in his village but all over the place, in all the other villages too. And people are going to come from far and wide and when they do I want them to respect me. Yes, I want to impress all those people that are coming to the funeral." So Anansi was thinking what he could do to impress all those people that were coming to the funeral. So he started to pace the floor. He walked back and forth, and forth and back. He was thinking and thinking and finally a light bulb went off in his head. Well, a light bulb really didn't go off in his head; we just say that, it meant that he got an idea. His idea was that he would not eat for seven whole days. That would impress the people! It would impress anybody, it would impress me. Anansi can barely miss a meal. One day would be unfathomable. For seven days? Unimaginable! I would be impressed. So off Anansi went with his great idea and he was so excited! And they had the funeral and after the funeral they prepared- you know- the feast. They had food; they call it spread because food spread from one end of the room to the other. They had all the most delicious foods that you could think of. Every dish you could ever imagine, and some that you could not. And they gave him every little bit of most of them- they couldn't even give him all of them. and they put it in front of him. And he said, "No, in honor of my dead father-in-law I will not eat for seven whole days." Well, the women started to get upset and they said, ¡°Anansi you must be in grief, you have to eat. Please, please." He said, "No, no, no, no, no, I can't do it. Out of respect I have to do this." Well, the next day they fixed him even more food that he loved- collard greens. So they put some collard greens on there and some candied yams and - oh my goodness- and some corn on the cob. Yes, yes, they did. And they put that in front of him and he said, "No, in honor of my dead father-in-law I will not eat for- you guessed it- seven whole days." The third day, the same thing. They even put some peach cobbler on there and some ice cream. You know some really good stuff. They put it in front of him, the third day. He pushed it back and said, "No, I will not eat for seven whole days." Well by the fourth day Anansi was sitting in the chair and his stomach was growling and he couldn¡¯t even blame it on anyone else because nobody was around. And he said, "Oh my, I'm so hungry I don't know what I'm going to. I think I'm going to die! Why didn't I just say three days? Oh, I had to say seven days, shoot!" And he was sitting there and to make it worse, over in the corner was Big Mama. Big Mama had a great big pot of black-eyed peas, Anansi¡¯s favorite food. And Big Mama was there with the big kettle and she was just stirring and a singing and a stirring and a singing. And the smell was about to knock Anansi out. Then he looked up and Big Mama had gone! She had left the pot of black-eyed peas all by themselves and then Anansi looked around the room and everybody had gone. And there he found himself in the room with the black-eyed peas. As soon as the black-eyed peas knew that Big Mama had left and that everybody had left they started singing to Anansi. Yes, they did. "Anansi! Come and eat us! No one will ever know." And Anansi said, "No, no, no, I can't do it. I can't do it. I said I wouldn't do it. I'm not going to do it. But you know what? Those black-eyed peas might stick to the bottom of the pot. Maybe I better go over there and stir them. Yes, that's what I'll do." So Anansi ran over to the pot and he took the top off- it was really hot. And he started to...as soon as he took the top off, those black-eyed peas started singing in unison, in harmony. ¡°Anansi! Come and eat us! No one will ever know." He said, "No, I can't, I can't, I promised......Maybe I could just sip a little of the juice. I'll just have one drink. I said I wouldn't eat. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I said, I just said I wouldn't eat." So, he dipped the ladle down- I'm sure he was just going to drink the juice. And he brought it up and it was really hot- so you know how it is when it is really hot- you have to blow. So he was blowing and he got that spoon about this close to his mouth when over in the distance he heard Big Mama and all her friends. He said, "Oh no, they're going to catch me. They're going to think I ate and I didn't. I gotta think!" He had to think really quick, so he snatched off his hat and he threw his black-eyed peas on top of his head. And as soon as he did his head started bobbing and shaking and weaving and moving. And when Big Mama came in she said, ¡°Anansi why is your head moving like that?" He said, "Ummmmm, I'm doing the hat shaking dance. Yes, I'm doing the hat shaking dance. We do it in my village every year about this time and I gotta go. Bye!" And off he ran down the road, his head just a bobbing and a shaking and a weaving and a moving. But Big Mama and her friends, they had never heard of this hat shaking dance so they started running behind him. ¡°Anansi! Come back! Tell us about this hat shaking dance. We've never ever heard of it. It must be something new. We want to do it too. Come back Anansi and tell us about it!" By that time Anansi¡¯s head was just a bobbing and a shaking and a weaving and a moving. And his head was just burning so bad he couldn't stand it so he snatched off the hat, he just couldn't take it anymore. And down his face came the black-eyed peas, and the juice was all in his eyes, he was a mess! And as soon as Big Mama saw him she said, ¡°Anansi the spider, you have tricked us for the very last time. You told us you weren't going to eat for seven whole days and you've been in my pots all this time. Oh, I am so mad at you. Just get out of here! Go to the tall grasses and stay there forever. We don't want to ever see you again!" Poor Anansi was banished to the tall grasses. And to this day, if you go to the tall grasses, you know the real tall grasses and you look right between the leaves you'll find Anansi the spider hiding there. And if you look real carefully at the top of his head you'll notice that it's bald. And that's from where the black-eyed peas burned a hole in the top of his head- and that's the truth.