<Little Dog Chirpie> A long time ago there were Habias. They were little, little creatures that liked to creep in at night time and look in the windows and chase people and catch people. But you don¡¯t have to worry about Habias because my mama told me this story about how the world got rid of Habias. This is how it goes, Once there was a very little girl who lived with a very little man and a little woman inside a very little house. And inside that house they had a very little dog called little dog Chirpie. And they were very happy during the daytime, but at nighttime, when the sun went down and the world got dark and everyone was sleeping, the Habias would wake up. And they would come out of there hole in the deep, dark forest and they would come into town and say, ¡°Habias, Habias, Habias, We¡¯ll chase the old man, we¡¯ll chase the old woman, Habias, Habias, Habias, we¡¯ll catch the little girl and we¡¯ll take her through the woods on our tippy tip toes. One night they came and they looked. And they looked in the window. And they looked in the window and he said, ¡°Habias, habias, we¡¯ll chase the old man, we¡¯ll chase the old girl, Habias, habias,¡± But the little dog Chirpie, he heard them and went, arf, arf, arf. And he chased those Habias clear into the woods where they disappeared into their hole. But the man woke up and he said, ¡°That little dog Chirpie, I can¡¯t get any sleep. He barks all night. Tomorrow I think I¡¯m going to put him in a box. He did just that. The next morning he got up, he got himself a box, he put some holes in the top of the box. He put little dog Chirpie in the box. And that¡¯s where little dog Chirpie stayed the whole day. And he was still there when the sun went down and the world got dark. And everyone was sleeping and the Habias came out, they came creeping through the woods singing, ¡°Habias, habias, habias, we¡¯ll chase an old man, we¡¯ll chase an old woman, we¡¯ll catch a little girl and tippy toe her through the woods to a Habia place.¡± But when they got to the window of the little lady and the little man and the little girl, they looked in and little Chirpie could hear them, ¡°Habias, habias, habias, habias¡± And that little dog Chirpie had to do something so he pushed his head against the lid, he pushed his head against the lid, he pushed his head against the lid, he pushed again and the lid came flying off and he jumped out and he chased those Habias, arf, arf, arf, arf, he chased them clear back into the woods. The old man woke up and said, ¡°That dog, Chirpie, you can¡¯t get any sleep in this house. He barks all night. Tomorrow I¡¯m just going to have to¡¦ I¡¯ll sell him.¡± And that¡¯s what he did. The next morning he got himself a sign that said for sale. And he put it around little dog Chirpie¡¯s neck and he took little dog Chirpie downtown. And all day long people would come and they would pet the little dog and they¡¯d say what a cute dog. But, no one had enough money to buy him. Until later in the day, a little lady came and said, ¡°Oh what a sweet dog.¡± And she had money. And she bought the dog. And she put a leash around his collar and she put him down and they started walking through the woods to the next town. Well that night, when the sun went down and the world got dark and everyone was sleeping. The Habias came out and said, ¡°Habias, habias, habias, habias, we¡¯ll catch a little girl, we¡¯ll chase an old man, we¡¯ll chase an old lady, we¡¯ll catch that little girl and bring her to our place in the Habia woods.¡± And when they got to the house, they looked in. And they saw the man, but there was no dog Chirpie to chase the Habias away. And they chased the man away. They chased the woman away. They caught the little girl in their sack, and they put the sack on their back, and they tip toed through the woods until they got to that place where there was a big hole. And they had just enough time to get down to their hole and put the sack on a little hook in their hole. Until the sun came up and the Habias fell asleep. And that¡¯s where they were. When a little lady and a little dog went walking through the woods, and all of a sudden the dog¡¯s ears went straight up and it¡¯s tail started going back and forth. And his nose was going sniff sniff. And he broke away from that lady and went with the leash and he went right down into a hole. And when he got inside that hole, he saw hanging on a hook, that bag. And the bag was shaking and moving and shaking and he could hear something inside that bag it was going, ¡®sniffle, sniffle,¡± Why that little dog Chirpie took his little head and went right underneath that bag and he bounced his head against the bag, and he bounced his head against the bag, and he bounced his head against the bag and the bag flew off the hook and it flew down on the floor. And the bag opened up and out stepped the little girl. She climbed out of the hole, she ran through the woods, she ran to her house and she closed the door. And she was safe. And little dog Chirpie was so tired out from banging his head against that bag that he crawled right up into that bag. He fell asleep and he slept all day. Until the sun went down and the Habias woke up. ¡°Habias, Hab¡± and then they remembered the sack that was sitting right there. And they said, ¡°Oh, we¡¯re going to open up the sack and then we¡¯re going to sit and squish that little girl. Oh they were so excited, this was going to be so much fun. They all got in a big circle around that sack and they all got like this around the sack so no one could get away. And they said, ¡°Habias, habias, habias, we chased the old man, we chased the old woman, we caught the little girl, and we¡¯ve got her in our sack and we¡¯re going to sit on her and squish her.¡± So they bent really close. And they began to open up that sack. And they opened up the sack wider and wider and wider and they got closer and closer and closer and out jumped little dog Chirpie and he ate all the Habias up. And that¡¯s how the world got rid of those Habias. So at night if you ever hear something and you think, oh, it¡¯s the Habias, just remember the world got rid of Habias, it¡¯s probably just the tree against your window pane because that is the story of how the world got rid of Habias.