< Anance not Anace! > This is an African folktale about a very tricky spider named Anace. Anace and the moss covered rock. One day Anace was walking through the jungle when he suddenly found a trail he had never seen before. He started down the trail and it ended into a secret meadow. Anace looked all around the meadow and then at the end he saw a strange rock. He moved closer to investigate the rock and when he looked at it he noticed that the rock had moss growing on it and the moss was growing in the shape of the country of South Korea. While Anace was amazed at this, he scratched his head and said aloud to himself, ¡°Isn¡¯t that a strange moss covered rock?¡± And BOOM, down went Anace sound asleep. When he woke up an hour later, his head was hurting and he couldn¡¯t remember what had happened. He looked all around the clearing and then saw that strange rock again. ¡°Isn¡¯t that a strange moss covered rock?¡± BOOM, down went Anace again, sound asleep. When he woke up an hour later his head was hurting, but this time he remembered what had happened. He looked at the rock and knew that is was a magic rock and whenever someone looked at it and said, ¡°Isn¡¯t that a strange mmm mmm mmm?¡± BOOM, down they would go, sound asleep. Anace decided this magical rock could be very, very useful. So he went walking through the jungle. He walked until he got to Elephant¡¯s house. Now Elephant was sitting on his front porch in his rocking chair with his feet resting on a giant pile of peanuts. Now Anace loves peanuts, but, of course, he is much too lazy to grow them and pick them for himself. So, Anace said to Elephant, ¡°Hello Elephant¡± ¡°Hello, Anace¡± said Elephant. ¡°Elephant, isn¡¯t it a scorching hot day today?¡± ¡°Hmm. It is warm, I was just thinking of taking a dirt bath.¡± ¡°Oh, Elephant don¡¯t worry about that. Why not come for a walk in the cool jungle with me? I found a new trail.¡± ¡°Hmm¡± thought Elephant. That sounded like a good idea. So Elephant and Anace went walking, walking through the jungle until they came to that clearing and Anace¡¯s secret place. When they got there Anace pointed at the rock and said, ¡°Elephant, look at this.¡± Elephant looked and he was amazed by the rock, ¡°Isn¡¯t that a strange moss covered rock?¡± BOOM, the earth shook when Elephant fell down and went fast asleep. Anace giggled and chuckled to himself as he ran back to Elephant¡¯s house and gathered up all of his peanuts. When Elephant woke up an hour later, Anace was gone. Elephant¡¯s head was hurting and he couldn¡¯t remember what had happened. Elephant went home and when he saw all of his peanuts were gone, Elephant was very sad. But, not Anace. Anace was very happy. He could not believe that his trick had worked. He could not wait to play his trick again. And so Anace went walking through the jungle until he came to Monkey;s house. Now Monkey was in his front yard lying on a giant pile of bananas. Oh, how Anace loved bananas, but, of course, he was much too lazy to gather them for himself. And so Anace said, ¡°Hello, Monkey¡± Monkey looked at Anace, ¡°Hello, Anace. Isn¡¯t it so hot? It¡¯s so hot, hot, hot today isn¡¯t it?¡± ¡°Whoa Monkey, it is warm. I was thinking about going for a walk in the cool jungle. Would you like to join me?¡± ¡°The jungle! I¡¯d love to, I¡¯d love to, let¡¯s go, go, go, go, go¡± And so Anace and Monkey walked through the jungle until they came to Anace¡¯s secret path. They followed the path to the meadow an when they got there Anace went right over to the rock and pointed at it, ¡°Monkey, look at this rock. Do you see what I see?¡± ¡°Oh, oh, oh, oh! Isn¡¯t that a strange moss covered rock?¡± BOOM, down went Monkey, sound asleep. Anace giggle and chuckled to himself the whole time he ran back to Monkey¡¯s house. He gathered up all of Monkey¡¯s bananas. When Monkey woke up an hour later, his head was hurting and he couldn¡¯t remember what had happened or how he¡¯d gotten to this clearing. Monkey went home and saw that all his bananas were gone. Monkey was very sad, but not Anace. Anace was very happy. He couldn¡¯t wait to play his trick on someone else. And so Anace played his trick on Giraffe. He played his trick on Alligator. Anace played his trick on snake. He played his trick on Hippopotamus. And Anace even played his dirty trick on Lion. In fact, Anace played his trick on almost all of the animals in the jungle. All but one. Because you see watching from behind the jungle leaves was Leopard. He watched as Anace played his naughty trick on the animals. And Leopard felt sad. He decided it was time for Anace to learn his lesson. And so Leopard ran to the edge of the jungle where the mango tree grove grew. He gathered up piles and piles and piles of fresh juicy mangoes. He took them to his house and he sat down and he waited. Soon, Anace came walking through the jungle. And when he saw Leopard and his pile of mangoes, oh how excited Anace was for Anace loved mangoes over every kind of food. Anace loved mango smoothies. He loved mango salsa and mango soup and mango juice. Oh Anace could not wait to get his hands on Leopard¡¯s fresh, juicy mangoes. And so he called out to Leopard, ¡°Hello, Leopard. Isn¡¯t it warm today?¡± Leopard smiled and looked at Anace, ¡°Hmm. I guess it¡¯s a little warm.¡± ¡°Oh, it¡¯s scorching¡± said Anace ¡°All of the animals have been complaining of the heat.¡± ¡°Hmm¡± smiled Leopard ¡°I suppose.¡± ¡°Oh Leopard, wouldn¡¯t you like to cool off in the jungle?¡± ¡°Hmm, that sounds like a wonderful idea¡± said Leopard. And so Leopard and Anace went walking through the jungle down Anace¡¯s secret path until they came to the meadow where Anace¡¯s magic rock was. Anace went right over to the rock and said, ¡°Leopard look here, do you see what I see?¡± Leopard looked, smiled, and said, ¡°No, I really don¡¯t see anything Anace.¡± ¡°Oh come closer¡± said Anace ¡°Take a better look..look at.. This rock right here.¡± ¡°Hmm, no I really don¡¯t see anything special Anace.¡± ¡°Oh you do to see it, you just don¡¯t want to say it¡± said Anace. ¡°Say what Anace?¡± ¡°Oh, you know¡± said Anace. ¡°Oh, well if it will make you happy.¡± Said Leopard ¡°I will say it ,Anace, eh eh eh ¡®you know¡¯, there are you happy Anace?¡± ¡°No I am not happy, that is not what you are suppose to say.¡± ¡°What am I suppose to say?¡± ¡°You are suppose to say ¡® Isn¡¯t that a strange moss covered rock?¡¯¡± BOOM, down went Anace, sound asleep. Leopard smiled to himself and chuckled to himself as he ran through the jungle gathering up all the animals and telling them about Anace¡¯s naughty trick. The animals all went to Anace¡¯s house and took back what belonged to them. When Anace woke up an hour later, oh his head was hurting, but he did remember what had happened. He knew that Leopard had played his own trick on him. When Anace went home he saw that all he had taken from the other animals was gone. Anace was very sad, but if you think Anace learned his lesson, you are wrong. For Anace is still playing his naughty tricks to this very day. THE END.