<The little old woman who lived in a vinegar bottle> There once was a little old woman who lived in a vinegar bottle. Don¡¯t ask me why. It was a common old vinegar bottle, but unusually large of course. Still it was a very cramped house. Everyday the old woman would sit on her front steps and complain about her house. ¡°Oh, What a pity, pity, pity, what a pity, pity, pity, that I should have to live in a house such as this. Why I should be living in a dear little cottage with a thatched roof and roses growing up the walls. Just then a fairy happened to be passing by when she heard the old woman she thought, ¡°Well, if that¡¯s what she wants then that¡¯s what she¡¯ll get.¡± And going up to the old woman she said, ¡°When you go to bed tonight, turn around three times and close your eyes and when you open them in the morning, see what you shall see.¡± Well the old woman thought the little fairy was a little bit batty but when she went to bed that night she turned around three times and closed her eyes. In the morning, when she opened them again, she was in a dear little cottage with a thatched roof and roses growing up the walls. ¡°Oh, it¡¯s just what I¡®ve always wanted.¡± She said. ¡°How content I will be living here.¡± But she said not a word of thanks to the fairy. Well the fairy went north. And the fairy went south. And the fairy went east. And the fairy went west. She did all the business she had to do. Then the fairy remembered the old woman, ¡°I wonder how she is getting on in her cottage. She must be very happy indeed. I¡¯ll just stop by for a visit.¡± But when the fairy came near, she saw the old woman sitting on her front steps, complaining , ¡°Oh, what a pity, what a pity, pity, pity, that I should have to live in a cramped little cottage like this. Why I should be living in a fine row house, with handsome houses on either side and lace curtains at the windows and a brass knocker on the door.¡± ¡°I can do that¡± thought the fairy ¡°if that¡¯s what she wants, that is what she¡¯ll get.¡± And to the old woman she said, when you go to bed tonight turn around three times and close your eyes and when you open them in the morning see what you see. The old woman didn¡¯t have to be told twice. She went right to bed. She turned around three times and closed her eyes. In the morning when she opened them she was in a spanking new row house, with neighbors on either side and lace curtains at the window. And a brass knocker on the door. ¡°It¡¯s just what I¡¯ve always wanted.¡± said the old woman ¡°I will be so contented here.¡± but she never said a word of thanks to the fairy. The fairy went north. The fairy went south. The fairy went east and the fairy went west. She did all the business she had to do. And then she thought about the old woman, ¡°I wonder how that old woman is doing these days. That one that use to live in a vinegar bottle. I¡¯ll just stop round and see.¡± And when she came to the old woman¡¯s fine row house, the old woman was sitting in her shiny new rocking chair, rocking and complaining, ¡°Oh what a pity, what a pity, pity, pity, that I should have to live in a row house like this with common folk on either side. I should live in a mansion on a hill with a maid servant and a man servant to do my bidding. That¡¯s what I deserve.¡± When the fairy heard this she was much amazed but she said, ¡°Well if that¡¯s what she wants that¡¯s what she gets.¡± And to the woman she said, ¡°When you go to bed tonight turn around three times and close your eyes and when you open them in the morning you will see what you shall see.¡± So the old woman hopped into bed, she turned around three times, she closed her eyes and in the morning when she opened them, she was in a mansion on a hill with a maid servant and a man servant to do her bidding. ¡°This is just what I¡¯ve always wanted.¡± said the old woman, ¡°how contented I will be here.¡± But it never occurred to her to thank the fairy. Well the fairy went north. And the fairy went south. And the fairy went east and the fairy went west. She did all the business she had to do. Then she remembered the old woman again. ¡°I wonder how that old woman is getting on now. The old woman who lived in a vinegar bottle. She must be quite happy.¡± But when she came near, she saw the old woman, sitting in her velvet chair, complaining, ¡°Oh what a pity, what a pity, pity, pity that I should live all alone in this old mansion. Why I should be queen. I should be living in a palace with ladies in waiting for company and musicians to entertain me. That is what I deserve.¡± ¡°Good heavens,¡± thought the fairy, ¡°will she never be content? Well if that¡¯s what she wants that¡¯s what she¡¯ll get." To the old woman she said when you go to bed tonight turn around three times and close your eyes and in the morning you will see what you will see. The old woman hurried to bed. She turned around three times and closed her eyes. In the morning she was in a palace. There were ladies in waiting to keep her company and musicians to entertain her. ¡°This is what I¡¯ve always wanted,¡± said the old woman, ¡°I will be very contented living here.¡± But she forgot to thank the fairy. The fairy went north. And the fairy went south. The fairy went east and the fairy went west. She did all the business she had to do. And then she began to wonder about the old woman again. I wonder how that old woman is getting along, the old woman that use to live in the vinegar bottle. So she stopped at the palace to see. And there sat the old woman on her throne and she was complaining. ¡°Oh what a pity, what a pity, pity, pity that I should be queen of such a tiny little kingdom. Why I should be the Pope in Rome. The Pope rules the holy roman empire. Then I could rule the minds of everyone in the world. That¡¯s what I deserve.¡± ¡°Well,¡± said the fairy, ¡°if that¡¯s what she wants then that¡¯s what she¡¯ll not get.¡± And to the old woman, she said, when you go to bed tonight turn around three times and close your eyes and in the morning, see what you shall see. The old woman went right to bed. She turned around three times and she closed her eyes. And in the morning when she opened them, she was right back in her vinegar bottle. ¡°And there she shall stay.¡± said the fairy. If she is not content here she won¡¯t be content there. After all, contentment comes from the heart, not the house. The End.