<LITTLE RABBIT> This is a story from Panama. Once there was a little rabbit who lived at the bottom of a mountain with his mama. But at the very, very top of the mountain lived his aunty. And he loved to go visit his aunty because his aunty would always make cookies and candy and everything sweet. And he¡¯d get fat, fat, fat, fat, fat. One day his mama said, ¡°It¡¯s time you can go up to visit Aunty.¡± And so Little Rabbit started hopping and running up the mountain. And he was dancing and singing about his aunty. ¡°I have a dear, sweet aunty. My Aunty Monica. And when she goes out dancing they all sing 'Oo la la.'¡± He bumped right into a fox. And the fox looked up at him and said, ¡°Well, isn¡¯t this nice. I just met my lunch.¡± ¡°Oh, no, no, no, you don¡¯t want to eat me now. I¡¯m skinny, skinny, skinny. If you wait until I come down from the mountain I¡¯ll be fat, fat, fat.¡± ¡°Well, fat is better for lunch. I¡¯ll wait.¡± And Fox ran into the woods and waited. And little Rabbit, he just kept hopping and dancing up that mountain. ¡°I have a dear sweet aunty, my Aunty Monica, and when she goes out dancing they all say oo la, la, la.¡± He bumped right into a tiger. Now the tiger looked down on him and said, ¡°Well, I just met lunch. Mmm.¡± ¡°Oh no, no, no, no, you don¡¯t want to eat me now. I¡¯m skinny, skinny, skinny, but if you wait until I come down from the mountain I¡¯ll be fat, fat, fat, fat.¡± ¡°Fat is good. I¡¯ll wait. See you later.¡± And Tiger took off into the woods to wait. And Little Rabbit just went hopping and dancing up that mountain, ¡°I have a dear sweet aunty, my Aunty Monica and when she goes out dancing they all say 'oo la, la, la..'¡± It was something really big. He looked up right into the mouth of a lion. ¡°Aaah, well, lunch for me.¡± ¡°Oh, no, no, no, no, you don¡¯t want to eat me now. I¡¯m skinny, skinny, skinny. If you wait until I come down the mountain I¡¯ll be fat, fat, fat, fat.¡± ¡°Well, I like fat. I'll see you later.¡± And Lion went off to wait. And Little Rabbit, he just went dancing and hopping up that mountain. ¡°I have a dear sweet aunty, my aunty Monica and when she goes out dancing they all say 'oo la, la, la..'¡± And he bumped right into Aunty Monica. And Aunty Monica made cookies and candies and everything sweet. And he got fat, fat, fat. But Aunty Monica also gave him fruits and vegetables and clean mountain water to make him strong, strong, strong. And then one day it was time for him to go back down the mountain. ¡°I don¡¯t want to go back down the mountain. I met a lion; he¡¯s going to eat me for lunch. I met a tiger, I met a fox, they¡¯re all going to eat me. I can¡¯t go down the mountain.¡± Aunty Monica said, ¡°Now you are fat, and you are strong, and you are smart. You can outsmart Lion and Tiger and Fox. Think.¡± And Little Rabbit began to think. ¡°I know, I know, I know, I could go down the back side of the mountain, and they¡¯ll never¡¦ I¡¯ll trick them¡¦ they¡¯ll never see me.¡± Aunty Monica said, ¡°Yes you could, but you¡¯ve never gone down the back side of the mountain and you could get lost and you¡¯d never see your mama.¡± ¡°I¡¦ you could make me a costume to disguise me like I was a big, big hippopotamus.¡± ¡°I could, but I don¡¯t have any hippopotamus material.¡± ¡°Couldn¡¯t you just hide me in your house forever?¡± ¡°Hide¡¦ Hide¡¦¡± said Aunt Monica and she looked over at the rain barrel that caught the rain. And when it wasn¡¯t raining it had that nice lid, that round barrel. And she said ¡°Wait a minute.¡± And little rabbit watched. She went in the woods, and she got some brush. She put the brush down, and she lit a fire, a big fire where the black smoke went up and up and up. And then she got the rain barrel, she took the lid off, she emptied the rain barrel, she brought it over on its side so it could roll, and she said to Little Rabbit, ¡°Little Rabbit, you get in. I¡¯ll put the lid on and I¡¯ll roll you down the mountain. And if you run into any animals you tell them to run because there is a fire on the mountain. And they¡¯ll see the black smoke. Are you ready?¡± Now Little Rabbit was inside that rain barrel and he watched and listened and felt as Aunty Monica pushed the rain barrel. And it started going down, down, down the mountain. And all of a sudden it stopped and he heard a voice that said, ¡°Little barrel, little barrel, have you seen Little Rabbit?¡± And from inside the barrel, Little Rabbit said, ¡°The mountain's on fire. Little rabbit is, too. Run, Lion, run, or you¡¯ll be barbeque.¡± And that lion took off, that lion took off and has never been seen again. And the barrel started rolling and rolling and rolling and rolling and stopped, and then he heard a voice. ¡°Little barrel, little barrel, have you seen little rabbit?¡± And from inside the barrel, Little Rabbit said, ¡°The mountain's on fire. Little Rabbit is, too. Run, Tiger Run, or you¡¯ll be barbecue.¡± Tiger was gone. And then the barrel kept rolling and rolling and rolling and rolling and stopped. And he heard another voice that said, ¡°Well, little barrel, little barrel, have you seen Little Rabbit?¡± And Little Rabbit said, ¡°The mountain's on fire. Little rabbit is too. Run, Fox, run, or you¡¯ll be barbecue.¡± And the fox looked up and took off. And the barrel kept rolling and rolling and rolling until it stopped again. He heard a little voice that said, ¡°Little barrel, little barrel, have you seen Little Rabbit?¡± And from inside the barrel, Mama heard, ¡°Mama it¡¯s me.¡± And Mama took the lid off and out hopped Little Rabbit. And the first thing they did was, ¡°We have a dear sweet aunty, our Aunty Monica, and when she goes out dancing we all say 'oo la la.'¡± And then Little Rabbit said, ¡°Look at me, I¡¯m fat, fat, fat. I¡¯m strong, strong, strong. And I¡¯m smart, smart, smart.¡± And that¡¯s the story of Little Rabbit.