<The Princess and the Enchanted Beads> Once there was a kingdom called Happyville and in Happyville everything was wonderful. The sun was always shining, the grass was always green, and the children were always very well behaved. In fact, the children were so intelligent they never had to go to school. Each home in Happyville had its very own swimming pool and every home had a full screen television set and a wireless computer in every room. Oh yes, Happyville was a wonderful place because each day at noon and at 6 PM chocolates were delivered for all of the mothers. Life was wonderful. Now Happyville was ruled by a very wise but very very old king named King Samuel. King Samuel wished to retire and, in fact, he had a daughter who would become queen. Her name was Princess Rebecca. Now Princess Rebecca very much wanted to be queen, and she was beautiful and smart. But the King wished for her to marry. He called for all of the princes and barons and kings from the neighboring kingdoms to come to meet Princess Rebecca. Princess Rebecca was kind and met them all but did not wish to choose a king. Now in the kingdom next to Happyville, there was a king called King Schnooter. King Schnooter was mean. King Schnooter was selfish. He ruled the kingdom called Gloomberg. And in Gloomberg things were not good. It was always cloudy and dark and rainy. And what grass there was, was prickly and dry. But mostly, there was mud in Gloomberg. The people were poor and hungry and unhappy and the children had dirty faces and were forced to work all day long scrubbing floors with their very own toothbrushes. Life was horrible in King Schnooter¡¯s Gloomberg. King Schnooter decided he would marry Queen Rebecca and steal all of the good things that existed in Happyville. King Schnooter came to visit Rebecca. But, of course, she was wise and knew not to marry him. He went back to Gloomberg and set down to make a plan. He sent Princess Rebecca a beautiful necklace. The necklace was made of wooden beads that were green and yellow and red. And with that necklace he included a note that said he had no hard feelings that she did not wish to marry him and hoped that their countries would always get along well. Princess Rebecca was very pleased and she loved the necklace. She wore it each day and each evening she took it off and placed it on her night stand. Well, one night, as she took off her necklace, she placed it on her night stand and it slid off and the beads scattered everywhere. She called to her servant to help her gather them. And then she asked her servant to please sew them together. Her servant put the beads into a glass bowl and took them and sewed them together. But as soon as Princess Rebecca put them back on the beads broke apart one more time. This went on over and over and over again until Princess Rebecca decided that the beads must indeed be enchanted. She called for the castle wizard who came and carefully inspected the beads. He pulled out one special bead for himself and then he instructed Princess Rebecca to put the beads into a crystal tube. She placed the beads in, first yellow, then green, then red. Then yellow and green and red. Then yellow and green and red and yellow and green and red. And on the very top the wizard placed his red bead. He looked at the beads very carefully then he called all of the children of the kingdom together. He sat them down and asked them to stare at the beads and take a deep breath and then blow. Would you like to blow with the children? One, two, three. The children blew long and hard. They blew out the evil enchantment. The wizard threw the beads into the air and he gave the necklace to Princess Rebecca who wore it every day after that. Princess Rebecca loved the necklace because it reminded her how careful she needed to be. She even wore the necklace at her crowning. And from that day forward Princess Rebecca and the people of Happyville lived happily ever after. The End.