<Bo Rabbit Smart for True> This next story is called, Bo Rabbit Smart for True and it¡¯s from the Gullah people. After the days of slavery some of the people moved to a small island off the coast and they were pretty isolated as a community for a long time, and there were bits of English that they learned, they put together in their own unique style and language which we call Gullah. So, instead of saying, ¡°brother rabbit is very smart,¡± they would say, ¡°bo¡± for brother. Bo Rabbit smart for true. Now this story also came from Africa because, even though it¡¯s a story that developed in the United States, there is an elephant in it. And we have never had wild elephants in the United States, so we know it came from Africa. It¡¯s an old story that has traveled around the world in many many forms, and this one comes to you from the Gullah people. Bo Rabbit was just taking his ease of the day in his little house when he heard a great commotion on the top side of the world. Boom, boom, boom, boom, pooooooooh! It shook the whole house! Oh, Bo Rabbit got up, he opened his front door and he came nose to hind end with a big fat old elephant that had come into his front yard and plopped down to take a nap. Bo Rabbit was so upset. He made his way around that till he came up to his big old head. And he said, ¡°Now say here. You can¡¯t just plop yourself down in my front yard. You¡¯re spoiling the view. Move it!¡± The elephant just said, ¡°Huh, huh, huh, if you don¡¯t like it you can move me. Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh.¡± Ooooo, Bo Rabbit was so upset. He said, ¡°I Bo Rabbit, I smart for true. I know just what I¡¯ll do.¡± But he couldn¡¯t think of anything. So he lippity-hopped up to the top of this high hill behind his house and he sat up there and he put his ears straight up in the air and swiveled them around like an antenna, like he was trying to get an idea right out of the air. Now it just so happens that that hill drops straightaway to the sea and in that very day and hour there was a big old whale that came close to the shore and he kinda rolled his eyeball. He saw that rabbit up there with his ears going around and he said, ¡°Hey Shorty!¡± ¡°Who you calling Shorty!?¡± ¡°Why you, little pipsqueak!¡± Oh, Bo Rabbit was so upset. He was down to the beach in no time. ¡°Now, say here,¡± he said, ¡°I am Bo Rabbit. You will call me by my rightful name and treat me with respect.¡± ¡°Huh, huh, huh,¡± said the whale, ¡°what¡¯s the matter, shrimp bowl?¡± Bo Rabbit was so upset. He said, ¡°I Bo Rabbit, I smart for true. I know just what I¡¯ll do. Now, say here, Mr. Whale, you will call me by my rightful name and treat me with respect, or else I am going to drag you outta the sea.¡± ¡°Huh, huh, huh,¡± said the whale, ¡°how do you expect you¡¯re gonna do that?¡± ¡°Well, I am going to tie a rope around your tail and drag you outta the sea.¡± ¡°Well, little rabbit, if you want to play that game, I hope you like to swim cuz I¡¯m going to drag you to the other side of the ocean. Huh, huh, huh, huh, huh.¡± ¡°We¡¯ll see about that,¡± said Bo Rabbit. ¡°Now I¡¯m going to go get me some rope. Don¡¯t go away now.¡± ¡°I wouldn¡¯t think of it.¡± So Bo Rabbit ducked in his back door and he rummaged in his great big trunk and he pulled out a great big massive rope, the biggest hunk of rope you could ever imagine, and dragged it down to the beach. Then he took one end of that rope and he said, ¡°Ok, present your tail.¡± And the whale, obligingly, turned around and backed up into the shallow water. And Bo Rabbit took that end of the rope and he flung it over the whale¡¯s tail, pulled it underneath, and tied it with a good, tight knot. Then he waded ashore and he picked up the other end of the rope. And he said, ¡°Now I am just going to go up over the edge of that hill and get me a little foot leverage. Don¡¯t go away now.¡± ¡°Wouldn¡¯t think of it,¡± said the whale. So Bo Rabbit, he took the other end of that rope and he went up that hill and down the other side. He came right into his front yard where that big fat old elephant was still plopped down there, snoring away. And he went up to him and he went poom, poom! ¡°Hey you old elephant. You¡¯re going to get your old self out of my front yard or do I have to drag you away?¡± The elephant didn¡¯t even open his eyes. He just said, ¡°Huh, wake me when it¡¯s over. Huh, huh, huh, huh.¡± So Bo Rabbit, he took that other end of the rope and tied it around that elephant¡¯s hind leg and then he lippity-backed up to the top of the hill and picked up that rope in the middle. And my oh my, didn¡¯t he have an elephant on one end and a whale on the other! So he went tug tug. Now the whale knew what tug tug meant and so that whale started out into the ocean. ¡°Huh, huh, huh, huh, oh this is going to be rich. Oh yeah, this is going to be fine. Oh, ho, ho, ho.¡± Meanwhile that elephant was just snoring away when all of the sudden he¡¯s being dragged right out of that front yard. He reached out his trunk, grabbed onto a tree, got his feet underneath him, boom, boom, boom. And the whale is going, ¡°Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.¡± Then the whale put on strength and the elephant put on power, and the whale and the elephant pulled and tugged and tugged and pulled. Bo Rabbit¡¯s sitting up there saying, ¡°Wee ha! Look at those two fools going at it. Yeah!¡± Well, the whale and the elephant pulled and tugged and tugged and pulled for nigh unto three hours, until finally, neither one of them could budge the other one so much as an inch. They had come to the end of their rope, so to speak. It was at that moment that Bo Rabbit got bored with the situation and decided to liven it up just a little bit. So he reached into his pocket and he pulled out his jackknife and went up to that tight old rope and went slice! Boing! That whale went sailing clear across that ocean and didn¡¯t come back for a month of Sundays. And that elephant went trunk first through the woods and he didn¡¯t come back for three months of Sundays. And Bo Rabbit said, ¡°Yee ha! I Bo Rabbit, I smart for true. I know just what to do.¡± And the moral of the story is: bullies may be big but brains are much better.