<HUDGIN> This story is called "Hudgin" on the list, but a Google search reveals it may be spelled Hudgin. I left it with an 'e.' Also, at the end of the story, she announces this is the story of "The Bed Just So" and that title comes up in Google. Just FYI. Thanks! Jenny Once there was a tailor, and every day the tailor did the same thing: come downstairs, and he'd get his needle, and he'd put his thread in, and he'd sew all day long, until he was tired, and then he'd go up the stairs, and he'd crawl into bed, and he'd pull the covers up and he'd sleep. Day after day, he did the same thing. But one night, when he went up the stairs and he pulled the covers up, and he was just about asleep: And he heard "Dididididididi, Dididididididi, Dididididididi Dididididididi.¡± And he heard that sound, that irritating sound, all night long, and he couldn't get a bit of sleep. And the next day, he went downstairs and he got his needle, he threaded it, and he sewed, but he was so tired from not sleeping. It wasn't very long he went right back upstairs and he pulled the covers up, and he was almost asleep, when he heard. "Dididididididi, Dididididididi, Dididididididi Dididididididi.¡± And he heard that all night long, and he couldn't sleep again. For five nights, he couldn't sleep. Finally, when he came downstairs on the sixth day, he said, "There must be evil spirits in my room. I must go to the wise woman and find out how to get rid of them." So he went to the wise woman and told her what was happening. "I have evil spirits in my room." "What does the evil spirit say?" "Well, the spirit just goes ¡®dididididididi, dididididididi¡¯ all night long, and I can't stand it." "Oh, that's not an evil spirit. You have a Hudgin." "A Hudgin? How do I get rid of a Hudgin?" "Oh, it's very easy. The Hudgin just wants a bed to sleep in. So go and get that Hudgin a bed." Well, that very day, that tailor went and he got a great, big, high bed for the Hudgin, and he moved his bed back, and he put that bed right there, and when it was time to go to bed, he got into his bed, and he pulled the covers up, and he said, "Now, Hudgin, Hudgin, this is my bed, and that's your nice, big, high bed. Have a good sleep." He was just about to go to sleep when he heard, "This bed is too high. Too big. Too big. Too high. Too high. Too big. Too high. Too big. Too high. Too big. Too high. Too big. Too high. Too--" He heard that all night long, and he couldn't sleep. The next day, he got rid of that high, big bed, and he went and found a small bed, a small bed, and he got a nice, firm mattress for it, and he put it right next to his bed, and that night, he crawled into his bed, and he said, "Hudgin, Hudgin, now, this is my bed, and that's your small, nice bed. Have a good sleep." He pulled the covers up, and he was just about asleep, when he said, "This bed is too small, too hard, too small, too hard, too small, too hard, too small, too hard, too small, too hard," and he heard that all night, and he couldn't sleep. And the next day, he just pushed that small, hard bed out, and he made a little baby's cradle, a cradle that went back and forth, back and forth. It was small, and it was for a baby, and he put it right next to his bed, and he said, "Hudgin, Hudgin, now, this is my bed, and that's your cradle. Have a good sleep." He pulled the covers up, and he was just about asleep, when he heard, "Too teetery, too tottery, too teetery, too tottery, too teetery, too tottery, too teetery, too tottery, too teetery, too tottery," and he heard that all night long, and he couldn't sleep. The next day, it took him til noontime to get downstairs, and he just sat there, and he didn't know what he was going to do. He didn't have the energy to go downtown and buy another bed. He didn't have the energy to make a bed, and when the sun went down, he crawled up the stairs and he looked at his chest of drawers, and he opened up a drawer where he kept his socks, and he swished the socks over and he said, "Now, Hudgin, this is my bed, and tonight you can sleep in this little drawer." He pulled the covers up, and he was just about asleep, when he heard, "Too musty, too smelly, too musty, too smelly, too musty, too smelly, too musty, too smelly, too musty, too smelly, and he heard that all night long." And the next day, he just sat on the stairs, and it took him until suppertime to get downstairs, one step at a time, and he sat at his table and put his hands in his pocket, and he thought, what am I going to do? I don't know what kind of a bed a Hudgin wants. He felt something in his pocket, and he took it out, and it was a little walnet shell. The walnut was gone, and he didn't have the energy to eat anyway, but he looked at it and he said, "That little walnut shell, you're small, it's like a little small bed. No, the Hudgin'll say, 'Too hard, too hard, too hard, too hard.' What am I going to do?" And then he felt a little something soft in his pocket, and he took it out, and it was a Kleenex, and he crunched that little soft Kleenex right into that little small bed, and now it was a small bed and a soft bed. "Maybe the Hudgin will like-- No, the Hudgin'll probably say, "Too cold, too cold, too cold, too cold, too cold, too cold, oh what am I going to do?" And he felt a little piece of material from something that he had made, and he thought, if I fold that up, it could be like a little blanket that would keep the Hudgin warm, and now he has a small, soft, warm bed. Maybe, maybe he'll like it. And he walked up the stairs, and he put it right next to his high bed, crawled into bed, and went to sleep. And he was just about asleep, when he heard, "This bed is just so, just so." And when he woke up, the sun was up, and he said, "I slept just so!" and then he remembered the Hudgin, and he went over to where he had put that Hudgin bed, and he looked in it, but he couldn't see a Hudgin, so he put that small, soft, warm bed right to his ear, and he could hear, "This bed is just so, just so, just so," and that is the story of the bed just so, and if you at night hear something in your room, just remember, it's probably a Hudgin, and all you have to get is something small, something soft, and something warm, and the Hudgin will sleep just so.