<Signifying Monkey> I¡¯d like to do a story for you. It¡¯s called "The Signifying Monkey." It¡¯s taken from an old African folktale, but it was popularized and modernized by the great writer, Mr. Oscar Brown, Jr. who hails from my hometown of Chicago. So to signify means to talk bad about somebody. Yup, to put somebody down. Or as the kids now say, to diss somebody, right or to rib somebody, that's what the kids say. When I was a kid, we said signify. But it¡¯s all the same. So in this old folk story we have three characters. One is the monkey and he¡¯s doing the signifying. He¡¯s the instigator. He¡¯s the one trying to cause trouble. And the next is the lion, who is generally assumed to be the king of the jungle. And the third is the elephant, and the elephant is known for his large size. So we have these three characters and let¡¯s see what happens. This story has also been called, it's one of the "why" stories. The "why" of this one is why monkeys live in trees. We¡¯re going to find out. Said the signifying monkey to the lion one day, "Hey, there's a great big elephant down the way, goin¡¯ round talkin¡¯, I'm sorry to say, about your mama in a scandalous way. Yeah, he¡¯s talkin¡¯ about your mama and your grandma too. In fact, he ain¡¯t show too much respect for you. You weren't there and I sho¡¯ am glad cause what he said about your mama, made me mad." Signifying monkey, you better stay up in your tree. You are always lying Signifying But you better not monkey with me The lion said, "Yeah, well, I¡¯ll fix him. I¡¯ll tear that elephant limb from limb." Then he shook the jungle with a mighty roar. Took off like a shot from a 44 He found the elephant where the tall grass grows And said, "I¡¯ve come to punch you in your long nose." The elephant looked at the lion in surprise and said, "Boy, you'd better go pick on somebody your size." But the lion wouldn¡¯t listen. He made a pass. The elephant knocked him down in the grass. The lion roared and sprung from the ground and that¡¯s when that elephant really went to town. I mean he whooped that lion for the rest of the day. And I still don¡¯t see how the lion got away, but he drug on home more dead than alive. And that¡¯s when that monkey started signifying jive Signifying monkey You better stay up in your tree You are always lyin¡¯, signifyin¡¯ But you better not monkey with me The monkey looked down and said ¡°Whoo-wee, what is this beat up mess I see? Is that you lion? Mmm¡¦ mmm¡¦mmm¡¦, do tell. Man, he whooped your head to a fairly well. Give you a whoopin that was rough enough. You suppose to be the king of the jungle, ain¡¯t that some stuff, you big overgrown kitty cat. Don¡¯t you roar or I'll hop in there and whoop you some more." The monkey got to laughin¡¯ and jumpin¡¯ up and down. And his foot missed a limb and he plunged to the ground. The lion jumped on him with all four feet, goin¡¯ to grind that monkey to hamburger meat. The monkey looked up with tears in his eyes and said, "Please Mr. Lion, I apologize. I meant no harm. Please let me go, and I¡¯ll tell you something you really ought to know.¡± The lion stepped back to hear what he said, and monkey scampered up a tree and he got away. "Oh, what I wanted to tell you," the monkey hollered down, "is if you fool with me, I¡¯ll sic that elephant on you again." The lion just shook his head and said, "You jive, if you and your monkey cheering want to keep alive, up in them trees is where you¡¯d better stay." And that¡¯s where they are to this very day. Signifying monkey You better stay up in your tree You are always lyin¡¯, signifyin¡¯ But you better not No, no, no You better not No, no, no You are always lyin¡¯, signifyin¡¯ But you better not monkey with me.