<Too Much Noise> There once was an old man who sat down in his house just to take a nice rest. He liked to sleep in his rocking chair. But when he sat down the rocking chair went, creak, creak, creak, creak. And then the wind was going swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, and blowing branches against the roof of the house. And the old man couldn¡¯t sleep. So the next day he decided to see the wise woman. So he walked down to the edge of the village and knocked on her door. And the wise woman opened the door and said, ¡°Yes?¡± He said, ¡°Wise woman, I am having a hard time sleeping. There is too much noise. My chair creaks, the wind goes swooshing and the branches are banging against the roof.¡± ¡°Hmmmm,¡± said the wise woman. ¡°Do you have a cat?¡± ¡°Oh yes, I have a fine cat. I put her out every night.¡± ¡°Well tonight keep your cat inside. Hmmm.¡± Well that was strange advice, but the old man did it. That night, when it was time for bed, he kept the cat in, ¡°meow,¡± and sat down in his chair and the chair went creak, creak, creak, creak, and the wind went swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, and the branches against the roof. And the cat went, ¡°meow, meow, meow.¡± And the old man couldn¡¯t sleep, there was too much noise. So the next day he went down to see the wise woman again. ¡°Yes?¡± ¡°Wise woman, it didn¡¯t work to keep the cat in the house. There¡¯s still too much noise.¡± ¡°Hmmmm. Do you have a dog?¡± ¡°Oh, I have a fine big dog. He sleeps in his dog house.¡± ¡°Well tonight bring your dog in and keep the cat in. Hmmmm.¡± ¡°Hmmm, I¡¯m not sure this is going to work.¡± But he did just as she said because she was the wise woman. So that night, when it was time to go to bed he didn¡¯t let the cat out and he brought the dog in the house, who was very excited to be in the house, I tell you. And then the man sat down and the chair went &#8211; You can do this with me. Creak, creak, creak, creak, and the wind went swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, and the branches on the roof made racket, and the cat went, ¡°meow¡± and the dog went ¡°ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff.¡± Oh, and the old man couldn¡¯t sleep hardly at all. The next day he went to see the wise woman again. ¡°Yes?¡± ¡°Wise woman, it didn¡¯t work to have the dog in with the cat. It was still too much noise.¡± ¡°Well, ummmm, do you have any chickens?¡± ¡°Oh yes, I have a fine flock of chickens.¡± ¡°Tonight bring the chickens in the house too.¡± ¡°Bring the chickens in the house? Alright.¡± So that night, when it was time for sleep he kept the cat in, he brought the dog in, and he brought all his chickens in the house. And then he sat down to sleep and the chair went creak, creak, creak, creak, and the wind went, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, and the branches went, and the cat went ¡°meow,¡± and the dog went ¡°ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff,¡± and the chickens went, ¡°bock, bock, bock, bock, bock.¡± Oh, the old man hardly got one wink of sleep. The next day he went to see the wise woman again. ¡°Yes?¡± ¡°Wise woman, it didn¡¯t work to have chickens in the house with everything else. There was still too much noise.¡± ¡°Hmmm, do you have a cow?¡± ¡°No, no, I don¡¯t have a cow.¡± ¡°Borrow a cow from your neighbor and bring it in too.¡± ¡°I wonder if she is a wise woman. But, okay.¡± He borrowed a cow from his neighbor and that night he sat down to sleep in his chair. And the chair went creak ,creak, creak, creak, and the wind went, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, and the branches went, and the cat went ¡°meow,¡± and the dog went ¡°ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff,¡± and the chickens went, ¡°bock, bock, bock, bock, bock,¡± and the cow went, ¡°mooooo.¡± And the old man didn¡¯t sleep a wink. The next day he went to see the wise woman. ¡°Yes?¡± ¡°Wise woman, it didn¡¯t work to bring in a cow, there was still too much noise.¡± ¡°Hmmmm, do you have any relatives?¡± ¡°Oh yes, I have lots of relatives.¡± ¡°Well, invite all your relatives over tonight to stay overnight with you. Hmmmm.¡± ¡°Okay.¡± He went home and he called up all his relatives to come over to have an overnight with him and they all came. And he kept the cat in the dog was in and the chickens were in there, and everybody wondered, and the cow was still there, and he sat down to sleep in the middle of all that commotion. And the chair went creak, creak, creak, creak, and the wind went, swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, and the branches went, and the cat went ¡°meow,¡± and the dog went ¡°ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff,¡± and the chickens went, ¡°bock, bock, bock, bock, bock,¡± and the cow went, ¡°mooooo,¡± and all the relatives went, ¡°yickity-yatty-yatty-yatty.¡± And the old man couldn¡¯t even close his eyes. The next morning he crawled to see the wise woman. ¡°Yes? Oh, there you are.¡± ¡°Wise woman, it didn¡¯t work at all. There¡¯s still too much noise.¡± ¡°Well, tonight invite all your relatives to go home, take the cow back to your neighbor, shoo the chickens out, tie the dog out by his dog house, and let the cat out. Hmmm.¡± So he went home and did all of that. And that night when he sat down in his chair the chair went creak, creak, creak, creak, and the wind swoosh, swoosh, swoosh, and the branches went, and the old man slept.