<The Fisherman and His Wife> There was once a fisherman who lived with his wife in a pigsty, close by the seaside. The fisherman used to go out all day long fishing; and one day, as he sat on the shore with his rod, looking at the sparkling waves and watching his line, he felt a bite. He drew in his line and pulled out a great fish. But the fish said, ¡®Please let me live! I'm not a real fish; I am an enchanted prince: put me in the water again, let me go!¡¯ ¡®Oh, no!¡¯ said the man, ¡®you need not make so many words about the matter; I will have nothing to do with a fish that can talk: swim away please!¡¯ And he put the fish back into the water, the fish darted straight down to the bottom of the sea. When the fisherman went home to his wife in the pigsty, he told her how he had caught a great fish, and how it had told him it was an enchanted prince, and how, on hearing it speak, he had let it go again. ¡®Did you not ask for anything?¡¯ said the wife, ¡®we live poorly here, in this nasty dirty pigsty; go back and tell that fish that we want a snug little cottage.¡¯ The fisherman did not much like this business: however, he went down to the seashore; and when he came back there the water looked all yellow and green. He stood at the water¡¯s edge, and called: ¡®O man of the sea! Listen to me! My wife Isabel, Will have her own will, And hath sent me to ask a favor of thee!¡¯ Then the fish came swimming to him, and said, ¡®Well, what does your wife want?¡¯ ¡®Ah!¡¯ said the fisherman, ¡®she said that when I caught you, I ought to have asked you for something before I let you go; she does not like living in a pigsty, and she wants a snug little cottage.¡¯ ¡®Go home, then,¡¯ said the fish; ¡®she is in the cottage already!¡¯ So the man went home, and he saw his wife standing at the door of a nice trim little cottage. ¡®Come in, come in!¡¯ she said; ¡®is this not much better than the dirty pigsty we had?¡¯ There was a living room, and a bedroom, and a kitchen; and behind the cottage there was a little garden, planted with all sorts of flowers and fruits; and there was a courtyard behind, full of ducks and chickens. ¡®Ah!¡¯ said the fisherman, ¡®how happily we shall live now!¡¯ ¡®We will try to do so, at least,¡¯ said his wife. Everything went right for a week or two, and then Dame Isabel said, ¡®Husband, there is not nearly enough room for us in this cottage; the courtyard and the garden are a great deal too small; I should like to have a large stone castle to live in: go to the fish again and tell him to give us a castle.¡¯ ¡®Wife,¡¯ said the fisherman, ¡®I don¡¯t like to go to him again, for perhaps he will be angry; we ought to be happy with this pretty cottage to live in.¡¯ ¡®Nonsense!¡¯ said his wife; ¡®You go along and try!¡¯ The fisherman went, but his heart was very heavy: and when he came to the sea, it looked blue and gloomy, although it was very calm; he went close to the edge of the waves, and said: ¡®O man of the sea! Listen to me! My wife Isabel, Will have her own will, And hath sent me to ask a favor of thee!¡¯ ¡®Well, what does she want now?¡¯ said the fish. ¡®Ah!¡¯ said the man. Sadly, ¡®my wife wants to live in a stone castle.¡¯ ¡®Go home, then,¡¯ said the fish; ¡®she is standing at the gate of the castle already.¡¯ So away went the fisherman, and found his wife standing before the gate of a great castle. ¡®See,¡¯ she said, ¡®is this not grand?¡¯ With that they went into the castle together, and they found a great many servants there, and the rooms all richly furnished, and full of golden chairs and tables; and behind the castle was a garden, and around a park half a mile long, full of sheep, and goats, and hares, and deer; and in the courtyard were stables and barns. ¡®Well,¡¯ said the man, ¡®now we will be happy in this beautiful castle for the rest of our lives.¡¯ ¡®Perhaps we may,¡¯ said the wife; ¡®but let us sleep upon it, before we make our minds on that.¡¯ And they went to bed. The next morning when Dame Isabel awoke it was broad daylight, and she jogged the fisherman with her elbow, and said, ¡®Get up, husband, and bestir yourself, for we must be king of all the land.¡¯ ¡®But why should we wish to be the king? I will not be king,¡¯ said the fisherman. ¡®Then I will,¡¯ said his wife. 'How can you be king? The fish cannot make you king', said the fishman. ¡®Husband,¡¯ said she, ¡®say no more about it, but go and try! I will be king.¡¯ So the man went away quite sorrowful to think that his wife should want to be king. This time the sea looked a dark grey color, and was overspread with curling waves ridges of foam. He cried out again: ¡®O man of the sea! Listen to me! My wife Isabel, Will have her own will, And hath sent me to beg a favor of thee!¡¯ ¡®Well, what would she want now?¡¯ said the fish. ¡®Alas!¡¯ said the poor man, ¡®my wife wants to be king.¡¯ ¡®Go home,¡¯ said the fish; ¡®she is king already.¡¯ Then the fisherman went home; and as he came close to the palace he saw a troop of soldiers, and he heard the sound of drums and trumpets. And when he went in he saw his wife sitting on a throne of gold and diamonds, with a golden crown upon her head; and on each side of her stood six fair maidens, each a head taller than the other. ¡®Well, wife,¡¯ said the fisherman, ¡®are you king?¡¯ ¡®Yes,¡¯ she said, ¡®I am king.¡¯ And when he looked at her for a long time, he said, ¡®Ah, wife! What a fine thing to be king! Now we shall never have anything more to wish for as long as we live.¡¯ ¡®I don¡¯t know how that may be,¡¯ she said; ¡®never is a long time. I am king, it is true; but I begin to be tired of that, and I think I should like to be emperor.¡¯ ¡®Alas, wife! Why should you wish to be emperor?¡¯ said the fisherman. ¡®Husband,¡¯ said she, ¡®go to the fish! I say I will be emperor.¡¯ ¡®Ah, wife!¡¯ replied the fisherman, ¡®a fish cannot make an emperor, I am sure, and I should not like to ask him for such a thing.¡¯ ¡®I am king,¡¯ said Isabel, ¡®you are my slave; go at once!¡¯ So the fisherman was forced to go; and he muttered as he went along, ¡®This will come to no good, it is too much to ask; the fish will be tired at last, and then we shall be sorry for what we have done.¡¯ As soon as he came to the seashore; and saw the water was quite black and muddy, and a mighty whirlwind blew over the waves and rolled about then, but he went as near as he could to the water¡¯s edge, and said: ¡®O man of the sea! Listen to me! My wife Isabel, Will have her own will, And hath sent me to ask a favor of thee!¡¯ ¡®What would she have now?¡¯ said the fish. ¡®Ah!¡¯ said the fisherman, ¡®she wants to be emperor.¡¯ ¡®Go home,¡¯ said the fish; ¡®she is emperor already.¡¯ So he went home again; and as he came near he saw his wife Isabel sitting on a very lofty throne made of solid gold, with a great crown on her head; and on each side of her stood her guards and attendants in a row, each one smaller than the other, from the tallest giant down to a little dwarf no bigger than my finger. ¡®Wife, are you emperor?¡¯ ¡®Yes,¡¯ said she, ¡®I am emperor.¡¯ ¡®Ah!¡¯ said the man, as he gazed upon her, ¡®what a fine thing it is to be emperor!¡¯ ¡®Husband,¡¯ said she, ¡®why should we stop at being emperor? I would like to be pope next.¡¯ ¡®O wife!¡¯ said he, ¡®how can you be pope? There is only one pope at a time in this world.¡¯ ¡®Husband,¡¯ she said, ¡®I will be pope this very day.¡¯ ¡®But,¡¯ replied the husband, ¡®the fish cannot make you pope.¡¯ ¡®What nonsense!¡¯ said she; ¡®if he can make me emperor, he can make me pope: go and try.¡¯ So the fisherman went. But when he came to the shore the wind was raging against the sea and it was tossed up and down in boiling waves. At this sight the fisherman was dreadfully frightened, and he trembled so that his knees knocked together: but still he went down to the shore, and he said: ¡®O man of the sea! Come listen to me! My wife Isabel, Will have her own will, And hath sent me to beg a favor of thee!¡¯ ¡®What does she want now?¡¯ said the fish. ¡®Ah!¡¯ said the fisherman, ¡®my wife wants to be pope.¡¯ ¡®Go home,¡¯ said the fish; ¡®she is pope already.¡¯ Then the fisherman went home, and found Isabel sitting on a throne that was two miles high. And she had three great crowns on her head, and around her was all the pomp and the power of the Church. ¡®Wife,¡¯ said the fisherman, as he looked at all this greatness, ¡®are you pope?¡¯ ¡®Yes,¡¯ she said, ¡®I am pope.¡¯ ¡®Well, wife,¡¯ replied he, ¡®it is a grand thing to be pope; and now you must be easy, for you can be nothing greater.¡¯ ¡®I will think about that,¡¯ said the wife and they went to bed. And Dame Isabel could not sleep all night for thinking what she could be next. At last, as she was dropping off to asleep, morning broke, and the sun rose. ¡®Ha!¡¯ thought she, as she woke up and looked at it through the window, ¡®after all I cannot prevent the sun from rising.¡¯ At this thought she was suddenly very angry, and wakened her husband, and said, ¡®Husband, go to the fish and tell him I must be lord of the sun and moon.¡¯ The fisherman was half asleep, but the thought frightened him so much that he started and fell out of bed. ¡®Alas, wife!¡¯ he said, ¡®can you be easy being pope?¡¯ ¡®No,¡¯ she said, ¡®I am very uneasy as long as the sun and moon rise without my orders. Go and tell the fish at once!¡¯ The man went shivering with fear; and as he was going down to the shore a dreadful storm arose, so that the trees and rocks shook. The heavens became black with stormy clouds, and the lightning flashed, and the thunder rolled; the waves of the sea were black, swelling up like mountains with crowns of white foam. And the fisherman crept towards the sea, and cried out, as well as he could: ¡®O man of the sea! Listen to me! My wife Isabel, Will have her own will, And hath sent me to ask a favor of thee!¡¯ ¡®What does she want now?¡¯ said the fish. ¡®Ah!¡¯ said he, ¡®she wants to be lord of the sun and the moon.¡¯ ¡®Go home,¡¯ said the fish, ¡®to your pigsty again.¡¯ And there they live to this very day.