<Toads and Diamonds> Once upon a time, there was a widow who had two daughters. The elder was just like her mother in face and in disposition, and both were so disobliging and so rude, that there was no living with them. The younger took after her father, who had been the kindest, sweetest-tempered of men, and she was besides one of the most beautiful girls that the sun had ever looked upon. As people naturally love those in whom they see themselves, this mother was foolishly fond of that elder daughter and almost hated the younger. She made her eat in the kitchen and work from daylight until dark. Among other tasks, the child had to go twice a day to a spring over a mile and half from the house, and bring home a heavy clay pitcher of water. One morning, as she stood resting a minute by the fountain, an old woman hobbled up to her. "Please, my bonny lass." she begged, "Give me a drink." "Oh, yes, with all my heart, Goody." said the kind girl. Then she rinsed out her pitcher and caught the clear cool water, just as it came bubbling above the rock. She held out the pitcher that the old woman might drink more easily. Refreshed by the sweet water, the beggar leaned on her staff and said to the child. "You are so kind to an old woman, my dear, and so good and so mannerly, that I have a gift for you." This was a fairy, who had taken the form of a shabby old cripple woman to see whether this pretty girl was as sweet as she looked.  "This shall be the gift." went on the fairy. "At every word you speak, there shall come out of your mouth a flower or a jewel." When the girl reached home, her mother scolded her for staying so long at the fountain. "Please forgive me, dear Mother." pleaded the child, and as she spoke, there fell from her lips two blush roses, two lovely pearls, and one sparkling emerald. "What is this? What is this?" cried the mother, treading on the roses in her eagerness to pick up the gems. "Am I be witched, or did I really see these pearls and that emerald fall from your mouth? What does this mean, my child?" This was the first time she had ever spoken to her younger daughters so tenderly. The girl told her all about what had happened, and at every word, a ruby, and emerald, a sapphire, or a beautiful flower fell from her lips. "As I live!" cried the mother. "I must send my other daughter to the fountain. See, my precious, what comes out of your sister's mouth when she speaks? Would you not like, my pet, to have the same wonderful gift given to you? You need only go to the fountain, and when a poor old woman asks you for a drink, you give it to her very politely."  "Do I look like a servant?" cried the rude girl. "Is it fit for me to carry a heavy pitcher to the spring for water?" "Indeed, you shall go, and you go now, you little minx," snapped the mother, "and go this instant." Angrily, the girl snatched up the best silver pitcher, her mother's wedding pitcher that never went to the well. She set forth grumbling and muttering. As she stood by the fountain, she saw coming out of the wood a lady in a dress that seemed woven out of rainbows. This was the same fairy who was so generous to her younger sister, but, of courses, this cross, grumpy sister was waiting impatiently for a poor old woman, not this lady.   "Will you give me a drink, my dear?" asked the lady. "And why should I draw water for you?" was the saucy answer. "Here is the pitcher. You may stoop down and slurp up the water for yourself." "Are those your best manners?" asked the fairy gently as before. "This, then, will be your gift, since you are so rude and so unkind. At every word you speak, there shall drop out of your mouth a snake or a toad."  As soon as the mother saw her favorite daughter coming down the road, she held out her hands to catch the jewels, crying, "Speak, daughter, speak!" "Speak what?" answered the girl pettishly, and with those words, out of her mouth dropped a toad and a snake. "Mercy on us!" gasped the mother. "What horrors have you here? You wretch!" she screamed, turning to the younger sister. "You are the cause of this, and you shall pay for it. You shall!" she shouted. She rushed in fury at the good child, who slipped through the door and fled away and hid in the forest. That evening, the king's son, riding through the woods, heard sobbing and found the young daughter crying in a hawthorne thicket. "My pretty maid." he said, leaning from  his saddle, "Why are you here alone when night is coming on?" "Oh, sir," replied the girl, "my mother has turned me out of the doors." The prince was amazed when he saw five pearls and diamonds fall from the young girl's mouth as she spoke. "What does this mean?" he cried. "Tell me how this has happened." And so, withh all the manner of flowers and jewels slipping from her lips as she talked, she told the prince the whole story, and while she was telling it, more jewels and flowers fell.  "To be sure," he said to himself, "my father meant for me to wed a king's daughter, but such a rain of precious stones is greater in treasure that the marriage with a princess, however wealthy."  So the king's son led the maiden to the royal palace, and there they were married with great rejoicing.  As for her sister, she was so hateful that her own mother turned her off, and the miserable girl, having wandered about a good while without finding anyone to take her in, went to ther corner of the wood, and lived as the queen of the toads and the snakes.The end