<The Stonecutter> My name is Mama Nomusa and I am a storyteller. I¡¯m a storyteller with a story to tell. I can tell it loud, I can tell it well. I¡¯m a storyteller and today I¡¯d like to tell you a story about, let¡¯s see, about a man, his name was Tasako. Can you say Tasako? Yes, Tasako. Tasako was a very, very humble man. Yes, he lived in a very mountainous region. And Tasako¡¯s job was that of a stone cutter. It was his job to take his hammer and his chisel and clok, clok, clok, all day, every day he would chisel at the base of the mountain. Clok, Clok, Clok. Now Tasako was very pleased with his work. He loved the way the stone that he carved from the mountain was taken to build temples. And people would use them in their homes and they were even used in hospitals and schools. And he felt like a very useful and needed member of his community. And like I said before he was a very, very humble man. He spent most of his time working. Clok, Clok, Clok. One day while Tasako was working, clok, clok clok, there came a big parade. There were lots of people. There were musicians and drummers and people were dancing and singing and there were soldiers. And there was so much commotion he did something he rarely did. He put down his hammer and his chisel and he watched this parade. And he saw all of these incredible things going on. And then he realized that all of this pomp and circumstance was for the king. There was a very mighty king, who was being held a lot by all of his subjects. And all of this commotion was in honor of the king. Well, when he saw the king, Tasako was awed. The king had beautiful silk clothing and in between was woven with gold threads. Oh, Tasako had never seen anything so beautiful in all his life. And as soon as he saw that parade, he started to envy that king. He started not to be so happy with his job as a stone cutter. He wanted all those people to carry him aloft. He wanted to be powerful. Huh. So he put down his hammer and chisel. And that night when he went to bed, he prayed to the spirit that lived in the mountain. Please, please spirit that lives in the mountains, please, please, please, I want to be the most powerful of all. Make me into the king. And so, snap, just like that. Tasako¡¯s wishes were granted and the very next day there he stood, Tasako the king. Oh, this beautiful silk clothing that had embroidered with beautiful golden threads. Oh, he was high. He was mighty and he was powerful. Well, the one thing that Tasako didn¡¯t know was that kings had to work. Did you know kings had to work? Well he had to work; he had no idea he had to do any work. What happened was that every time people had disputes, there was an argument, one farmer against another farmer over whose land was whose. Or whose cow was whose. Or who had broken what rule. Guess who they came to. You got it, Tasako the king. And so he spent all day long trying to settle all of these ridiculous problems. And at the end of the day, he was a very tired king indeed. And so to soothe himself, he had this beautiful flower garden. And in this flower garden there were roses and chrysanthemums and lilies. All the most beautiful flowers you could imagine. And he¡¯d go and sit in his flower garden. And he would breathe deeply and he would relax. Well one day, after a very, very long day of work, he went to his flower garden as he always did. And to his surprise, dismay and even anger, he saw that all of his flowers had wilted. They had drooped, they had died. And he was very upset, he said ¡®this is the place where I come when I need to relax and now my flowers are gone. The sun has made my flowers wilt. I want to be the most powerful of all and obviously that sun is more powerful than me. I can¡¯t make the flowers wilt. Hmm.¡± So that night when he went to bed he prayed to the spirit that lived in the mountain. ¡®I want to be the most powerful of all and obviously that sun is more powerful than me. Make me into the sun. And so. Snap. The next day magically Tasako was transformed into Tasako the sun. And there he stood, mighty and proud and powerful. Yes, and just for a little fun he burnt up some more crops just like his flowers had been burnt up. And he just let his rays go all over the land. And he burnt up everything. He was having such a good time. It got so hot; it got so hot that all the people had to go inside. It was just too hot to go outside. And the people, they all got together, and they prayed. And they prayed and prayed and prayed for rain. And their prayers were answered, too. And the very next day, a big rain cloud came right in front of Tasako. Huh, and Tasako was outraged. Why he thought he was the most powerful of all. Obviously this rain cloud was more powerful. It was blocking the rays of the sun. Oh, he was mighty angry and so that night when he went to bed he demanded of the spirit that lived in the mountain to turn him into a rain cloud. Yes, turn him into a rain cloud. Those people want rain; they¡¯ll see what rain is. And so, snap, instantly, just like that Tasako was turned into Tasako the rain cloud. And rain he did. Oh, the people wanted rain they got rain. He rained and rained. He washed out all the crops. The people had to go to higher land because after a while he washed out all the houses. He washed out all the animals. He washed out everything and he was feeling mighty powerful except there is one thing that he couldn¡¯t wash out, that kept standing straight and tall no matter what. It was the mountain. The mountain kept standing, and so he sent more rain. And that mountain kept standing. And he said, ¡®oh my goodness, this mountain must be more powerful than me.¡¯ That night he went to bed and he prayed to the god that lived in the mountain. ¡®Please, please, please, the mountain must be the most powerful of all that, it is the only one that is able to withstand all of my rain. Hmm.¡¯ And the spirit that lived in the mountain said, ¡®well, Tasako I can grant you this wish, but this is your last wish.¡¯ He said, ¡®it¡¯s okay. It¡¯s alright. I want to be the most powerful. Turn me, turn me into the mountain.¡¯ And so instantly, snap, just like that, knowing it was his last wish; Tasako was turned into Tasako the mountain. And, there he stood big and brave. Powerful, yep, except what, what¡¯s that? Clok. Clok. Clok. What¡¯s that noise? Dada Da Dada Da down at his feet. Clok. Clok. Clok. Oh no. Clok. Clok. Clok. It¡¯s the stone cutter, chipping away at his feet. Oh no. Deep in his heart, Tasako trembled.