<Jack and the Beanstalk, Part 1> I am so happy to be here with you again to tell you one of the favorite stories of my childhood and a story that is favorite of children everywhere around the world. This is the story of Jack and the Beanstalk. A long time ago, in a land not too far away, because I think that this was in England that it first happened, in England, there was a poor widow and her son Jack and their cow. The cow was named Milky White. Now, the poor widow and her son Jack depended on that cow to produce milk, which they sold every day in the town. So every day Jack would go with a big container of milk that he took from his mother and went to town. One day, though, Milky White did not give any milk at all, and Jack's mother was so upset. "What are we going to do? How are we going to live?" And she shook her head, and Jack wasn't really all that much help. He was sometimes a little bit slow, so his mother, when the second day came and Milky White did not give milk, told Jack, "You, Jack, have to go to town and sell poor Milky White, and we will try to live on whatever we can from selling our dear cow." So Jack took the halter of Milky White and started down the road. He was sad, because Milky White was one of his very few friends in the whole world. Suddenly, they came upon a strange old man in the road. The strange old man says, "Hello, son. What are you doing?" And Jack explained, "I'm going to town to sell my dear cow, Milky White." And the old man said, "Well, what do you expect to get for your dear cow?" And Jack said, "I have no idea. I guess anything that I can.¡± The man, with a twinkle in his eye, said, "I have something that I think you will be interested in. I have," and here he reached into his pocket, "Five magic beans. Count them, one, two, three, four, and five. And I will trade them for your cow. If you plant them, something wonderful will happen, and you can plant them almost anywhere," and Jack, who was still a long way from town, scratched his head, said, "That sounds very interesting. I want to do that," and he handed the halter of poor Milky White over to the old man, and he took the beans, and he went home to his mother, and he said, "Mother! Mother!" Oh, and she was excited. She was excited, because, "You must have sold our cow. What did you get?" and he said, "Mother, Mother, I got something wonderful: these five magic beans." She looked at Jack, and she said, "You fool! Five beans for a cow? How dare you? You go to bed without any supper," and she threw the beans out the window, and Jack went up to his little room in the attic. He was very sad. Cried a little, and he went to sleep. When he woke up in the morning, the sun was coming in, but only in some areas of the attic, and he looked at the window and he said, "Oh, my goodness!" and overnight, this huge beanstalk from the beans that the old man had given him, had grown up into the sky as far as he could see, and it was big around. Jack was amazed. And he thought, where does that beanstalk go? It goes so high! And so he didn't even go downstairs. He went right out the attic window, and he started to climb up the beanstalk, up and up and up, he climbed and climbed, and so long he went through clouds, and finally came up through a flat layer of clouds, and he was amazed. There was a land spread out in front of him and a road, and he got off of the beanstalk, and he got onto the road and he started walking down, and after a while, he found this very, very large house with a very large door, and on the front steps was this very, very large woman, and he came up to her and she said, "Well, who are you, young man?" and he said, "I'm Jack, and I'm hungry. I haven't had anything to eat. I went to bed without my dinner last night, and I'm so hungry. Can you give me some breakfast?" he said to her, and she said, "Well, of course, you can come in," and so he went through this big door, and when Jack got inside, she said, "But you must not spend much time here, because my husband is an ogre. He is a giant, and he likes to eat little boys toasted on his bread." And Jack thought a little bit and said, "Well, I'm very hungry, so I'll eat breakfast, and then I'll go." So he started to eat some breakfast, and then all at once, they heard a thump thump thump, and the large lady said, "You're going to have to hide. Let's see where we can find you, because my husband is coming now¡±, and so she put him in the oven, and there he hid while the ogre came into the room, and the ogre had two sides of beef just hanging from his belt, and he said, "Woman, please make me my breakfast, and broil up these two beef and put them on hash and eggs," and so he sat down to his breakfast. And all at once he looked up, and he said, "Fee, fi, fo, fum. I smell the blood of an Englishman. Be he live, or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread." Jack was very frightened, and he was very quiet in the oven, and the wife said, "Oh, nonsense, dear that must be the remains of your dinner last night," and the giant finished his breakfast, but mumbled from time to time, saying, "I think there's something wrong here."