<Jack and the Beanstalk, part 2> So, the giant went and he went to his counting room after breakfast, and the woman opened the oven, and she said, "Be quiet. Be still. He takes a nap after his breakfast, and that's when you can get away," and she closed the door. The giant was very happy counting out his money, but after counting a while he began to nod his head and snore, and finally went to sleep. Jack crept out of the oven, and he went into the counting room, and he saw several bags of gold. He grabbed one and ran as fast as he could out the door, down the road, to the beanstalk, climbed down with that heavy bag on his back, all the way home, and he showed his mother the bag of gold, and he said, "Mother, Mother, see, see, I was right. Now we're rich." And so for a long time, they lived off of that gold, and finally it began to run out, and Jack decided, "I have to go back and visit the giant," so he climbed up and up and up, and he went through the cloud and down the road and to the big house, and the lady of the house was in front again, and he said, "Hello, Lady of the House. Can you feed me some breakfast?" And she said, "Don't I know you? Haven't you been here before?" And he said, "Yes, I'm Jack." And she said, "The last time you visited, my husband lost a bag of gold. Can you tell me about that?" And he said, "Lady, please, I'm so hungry. I can't tell you until I have something to eat, but you'll be very interested in the story." So she decided, because she was curious, that she would take him inside and feed him. And she said, "Watch out. The giant could come for breakfast at any time!" And, sure enough, thump thump thump, and Jack again was hidden in the oven, and the giant came in, and he sat down to his breakfast, and all at once he looked up and he said, "Fee, fi, fo fum. I smell the blood of an Englishman. Be he live or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread." Jack again was quite frightened, but he stayed very quiet, and the woman said, "Oh, husband, husband, that's nonsense. There's nothing here," and so he finished his breakfast. Then he told his wife, "Wife, go fetch me the magic hen that lays the golden eggs," and so the wife brought the hen, and the giant said, "Lay." And the hen laid a golden egg. And the giant felt it for awhile and looked at it, and as his breakfast was beginning to digest, he got sleepy, and so he nodded off for his nap, and Jack crept out of the oven, grabbed the hen, ran down the road and down the big beanstalk, all the way down to his home, and they had the magic hen, and he showed it to his mother, and he said, "Mother, watch what this hen can do," and he said, "Lay," and the hen laid a golden egg. His mother was amazed, and so they felt that they were set for life, now that they had gold enough for as long as that hen would be alive. But after a while, after a couple of months, Jack got itchy. He wanted to go back up and see what else he might be able to find up at the top of the beanstalk, so one day, he climbed out of his attic window and went up the beanstalk, clear up to the top, along the road to the big house, and this time he decided, I'm going to hide first. He realized that the woman of the house was now not going to be so kind, so he hid in the bushes, and he waited until he knew that the woman and the ogre giant were not in the kitchen. He ran in and hid in a copper kettle. The giant later came in and called for his wife and said, "It's time for breakfast, wife," and so he sat there and again, all at once, he looked up, and he said, "Fee, fi, fo fum. I smell the blood of an Englishman. Be he live or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread." She said, "I don't think there's anyone here, but let's look," and so they looked in the cupboard, and they looked in the oven. The one place they didn't think to look was the copper kettle. A little bit after breakfast, the giant said, "Wife, bring me my golden magic harp," so the wife brought the magic harp, and he commanded, "Harp, sing," and the harp made beautiful music, all kinds of songs and luscious sounds and music, and slowly the giant began to go to sleep. As soon as Jack heard the giant start to snore, he jumped out the kettle, ran over, grabbed the golden harp, and as he was running out the door, the harp said, "Master, Master, I'm being stolen!" And the giant woke up and started running after Jack, and Jack ran harder and harder down the road, and the giant came thumping after him and was about to catch up, when Jack finally got to the beanstalk, and when Jack got to the beanstalk, he began to climb down. He went as fast as he could, holding on to the magic harp on one hand and then climbing down with the other. Finally the giant was on the beanstalk and not sure about whether it would hold him, and he was gaining ground, getting down towards the bottom. When Jack reached his house, he called to his mother, "Please, bring the big axe." She brought the axe and he chopped once, twice, three times, and finally the beanstalk fell down, and the giant fell with it. Jack and his mother lived happily ever after.